открылась
 Optimizing Campaign Delivery – Iterable Support Center --> Contact Support Sign in Iterable Support Center Templates and Campaigns Campaigns Articles in this section Campaign Modernization Campaigns Overview Managing Your Campaigns Creating a Campaign Choosing an Audience for a Blast Campaign Editing Campaign Content Adding an Experiment to a Campaign Optimizing Campaign Delivery Reviewing a Campaign Before Sending Sending or Scheduling a Blast Campaign See more Optimizing Campaign Delivery After you create a campaign, you can optimize its delivery so that users receive it when they're most likely to engage with it. This level of personalization is important for building trust and brand loyalty, can help with compliance (especially for SMS campaigns), and can help you manage deliverability and performance concerns that can arise when you send lots of messages at the same time. This article describes delivery options you can enable for your campaigns. NOTE To learn about options Iterable provides for scheduling a specific send time, read Sending or Scheduling a Blast Campaign and Activating a Triggered Campaign . # In this article Campaign delivery options Quiet Hours Send Time Optimization Enabling Send Time Optimization Frequency capping Send rate limit (beta feature) Enabling a send rate limit Display priority Enabling display priority Next steps # Campaign delivery options As you're setting up a campaign, use the Delivery and Compliance area to optimize the way your campaign is delivered. Depending on the type of campaign you're sending, you can adjust Quiet Hours, Send Time Optimization, Frequency Cap, Send Rate Limit, and Display Priority. # Quiet Hours Email, Push, RCS, SMS, In-App, Web Push Avoid disturbing users at inconvenient times by using Quiet Hours to pause or skip sends during specified hours. This can be critical for channels like SMS, where sending during certain hours may be prohibited by law. Iterable checks the recipient's local time, using the timeZone field on their user profile, before sending. Iterable then either holds the message until the window ends or skips the send, depending on how you've configured it. Fallback strategies are available to customize how Iterable handles cases where the recipient's time zone isn't available. Quiet Hours have different defaults for different channels: Email, push, RCS, in-app, and web push : Quiet Hours are off until you enable them. SMS : Iterable turns Quiet Hours on by default for new marketing and transactional SMS campaigns, with an 8:00 PM–9:00 AM window every day, Monday through Sunday, in each recipient's local time. If you need to send SMS messages during that window, you can change the window or turn Quiet Hours off. Ask your legal counsel to determine whether a campaign is eligible to bypass Quiet Hours. See Best Practices for SMS Compliance for more detail. To learn more about using Quiet Hours for your campaigns, see Quiet Hours . # Send Time Optimization Email, Push To have Iterable send a campaign to each recipient at a specific time when they're likely to engage with it (based on their historical data), enable Send Time Optimization (STO) . NOTE If the STO option isn't available, your Iterable project doesn't have enough historical engagement data. This is common for staging and test projects. Try switching to a project with more engagement data or wait until you've sent more campaigns. # Enabling Send Time Optimization To turn on STO for all of your campaign's recipients, switch on the Send Time Optimization toggle and enter a number of hours (between 6 and 24) by which the send must complete. WARNING You can't disable Send Time Optimization after Iterable starts sending a campaign. If you deactivate a campaign that has STO enabled, and want to start sending the campaign again, STO will remain enabled, regardless of whether you try to change the setting. To send this campaign without STO, clone the original campaign, disable STO in the cloned version, and use it for all future sends. To learn more about Send Time Optimization, see: Send Time Optimization Creating a Send Time Optimization Test Increasing Engagement in Journeys # Frequency capping Email, Push, SMS Marketing messages may be subject to sending limits according to your project's Frequency Management settings. To override the frequency cap, toggle this option. When enabled, this setting ignores Frequency Management rules, and sent messages do not count towards frequency cap limits. Frequency Management doesn't apply to transactional message types. Read more at Frequency Management . # Send rate limit (beta feature) Email, Push, RCS, SMS, In-App, Web Push BETA FEATURE Rate limits for campaigns and data feeds are a beta feature. Talk to your customer success manager to enable campaign and data feed rate limits for your account. Set a send rate limit to: Prevent your website and servers from being overwhelmed with traffic when many of your users simultaneously interact with a message you've sent. Mitigate deliverability issues that can occur when you're sending high message volumes. When considering send rate limit, keep these scenarios in mind: Send rate limit is a maximum : When a campaign has a send rate limit, Iterable doesn't necessarily send messages at that rate. But it won't exceed the send rate limit. More than one send rate limit : In situations where more than one send rate limit is applicable, Iterable uses the most restrictive limit. Sending multiple campaigns : When you send multiple campaigns of the same message type (with the same default send limit rate), they don't compete for the send rate limit's capacity. Each campaign can independently send as fast as the send rate limit allows. Send Time Optimization : If you turn on both Send Time Optimization and a send rate limit, your send rate limit could cause some sends to continue beyond your Send Time Optimization window. Data Feeds : When you send multiple campaigns that call the same data feed, they do compete for the data feed's send rate limit capacity. The total traffic to the data feed, from all campaigns, will not exceed the data feed's send rate limit. Experiments : When running experiments, Iterable uses the lowest rate limit set among all variants in the experiment, preventing any variant from exceeding its intended rate. # Enabling a send rate limit There are three ways to set a send rate limit in Iterable. You can: Set a default send rate limit for each of your project's message types . Any new campaigns you create under each message type will follow the default send rate limit you've set. Set a send rate limit for a data feed . Any campaigns that call the data feed will follow the send rate limit you've set for the data feed. Adjust the send rate limit for an individual campaign. To do this, switch on the Set a Send Rate Limit toggle and enter the maximum number of messages Iterable should send during a specified period of time. # Display priority In-App Apps built with Iterable's mobile SDKs use in-app display priority to help determine the display order for in-app messages. By default, the SDKs display higher priority messages first (sorted secondarily by send time — first sent, first displayed). For example, you might use priority level in segmentation, to select users with In-App Send events of a particular priority: Low - priorityLevel of 400.5 Medium - priorityLevel of 300.5 High - priorityLevel of 200.5 Critical - priorityLevel of 100.5 NOTE Proofs receive a priorityLevel of 100.0 . Transactional messages are sometimes urgent or sent as a response to a user action for which confirmation or further details may be necessary. Because of this, you should generally give them a higher priority than marketing campaigns. The priority of an in-app message campaign cannot be changed after it has been sent. However, the priority of a scheduled campaign can be chaned before its send time. # Enabling display priority To turn on display priority for an in-app campaign's recipients, switch on the Display Priority toggle and choose the priority level to apply to this campaign. # Next steps For information, about other scheduling-related settings for blast campaigns, see Sending or Scheduling a Blast Campaign . Then, see Reviewing a Campaign Before Sending . Was this article helpful? 0 out of 0 found this helpful Have more questions? Submit a request Return to top Related articles Quiet Hours Send Time Optimization Metric Definitions Journeys: Frequently Asked Questions Increasing Engagement in Journeys Iterable Support Center Privacy Settings 