открылась
 Nestlé Purina’s Iterative Approach to Lifecycle Marketing Why Braze? Product Back The Braze Platform All your data, channels, and orchestration needs in one place View the platform Pricing BrazeAI™ UPDATE Automate, learn, and personalize with AI Braze Data Platform Unify, activate, and distribute your data Cross-Channel Send all your messages from one place FEATURED CAPABILITIES BrazeAI Decisioning Studio™ UPDATE Deliver 1:1 personalization, at scale Journey Orchestration Create multi-step, cross-channel experiences BrazeAI™ Agents UPDATE Scale smarter engagement with always-on AI agents Reporting & Analytics Analyze performance & uncover insights Creative Studio Simplify creative workflows FEATURED CHANNELS Email Mobile App Messaging Web Messaging SMS/RCS WhatsApp View all channels How It Works Get a breakdown of our vertically- integrated technology Learn More Solutions Back Industries Retail & eCommerce Financial Services Travel & Hospitality Media & Entertainment Sports Gaming On Demand QSR Use Cases Optimize Onboarding Boost Productivity Improve Acquisitions Reduce Churn Increase Engagement Braze For Startups 2026 Global Customer Engagement Review For our sixth Global CER, we surveyed over 2,200 marketing leaders and analyzed upwards of 6 billion data points spanning more than 750 brands Partners Back Braze Alloys Explore and Connect with our trusted Technology or Delivery Partners Become a Partner Explore the different types of partnerships available and help lead the charge for best-in-class customer experiences Find a Partner Supercharge the power of Braze with pre-built partner solutions designed to accelerate success Resources Back Learn Resources Hub Case Studies Blog Reports & Guides Videos Webinars & Events User Documentation Grow Bonfire Customer Community Braze Learning Customer Champion Certification Glossary Support Support Overview Professional Services Customer Success Company Back About Us Learn how Braze became the leading customer engagement platform Investor Relations Get the latest news, numbers, and financial results Careers Discover job openings & why people love working at Braze ESG Explore our Environmental, Social, and Corporate Governance data News Find out about the latest happenings at Braze Legal Get information on our legal terms, policies, compliance, and more Looking for something else? Contact Us English Français 日本語 한국어 Português BR Español Log In Get Started Get Started Open main menu Resources / Blog / Don’t Set It and For... Don’t Set It and Forget It: Nestlé Purina’s Iterative Approach to Lifecycle Marketing with Braze Published on August 22, 2025 / Last edited on August 22, 2025 / 5 min read AUTHOR Team Braze Braze At Forge 2024 , Nestlé Purina showcased how they’ve harnessed Braze to power their iterative lifecycle marketing program. The session, “Don’t Set It and Forget It” with Sarah Lands Ramrup and Diana Gilbert, explored how Purina built a connected ecosystem of products and services designed to engage pet owners at every critical point in their journey—driving loyalty through personalization and real-time customer engagement. The pet care journey: From transactional to experiential At the heart of Purina’s marketing strategy is the pet care journey. Diana Gilbert, Performance & Personalization Marketing Manager at Nestlé Purina PetCare Company , explained that the company mapped out a customer journey that spans the lifetime of a pet, starting from acquisition, either through birth or adoption, and continuing through key moments in pet care, such as choosing food and treats, training, and overall health management. However, the explosion of digital platforms and influencers has changed the landscape, with pet owners now receiving recommendations from countless sources, from TikTok to dog walkers. “We’ve developed a connected ecosystem of products and services to engage the consumer at every pivotal moment within their pet care journey,” Diana said. “It’s not just about transactions anymore—it’s about creating experiences that lead to lifetime loyalty with Purina.” Leveraging data to power personalization Sarah Lands Ramrup, Enterprise CRM Strategy & Personalization, Senior Manager at Nestlé Purina PetCare Company, explained how Purina focused on building a data-rich environment that fuels personalized customer experiences. “We implemented Braze as an MVP deployment for our myPurina app,” Sarah explained, referencing the mobile app that hosts Purina’s loyalty program and features a wide range of other features and benefits to help pet owners care for their pets. By gathering detailed user profiles, including information on pets’ breeds, ages, and behaviors, the team was able to optimize the way they engage customers. “We added redemption data, behavioral data, and are now integrating key data sources like acquisition from AppsFlyer and purchase data from our loyalty program,” she noted. This data-driven approach enables Purina to craft highly targeted campaigns, such as upsell and cross-sell initiatives based on receipt data, helping to build consumer loyalty and increase lifetime value. Agile activation without waiting for a CDP One of the critical decisions Purina made was to decouple their Braze implementation from their customer data platform (CDP) rollout, allowing them to get activations running without waiting for their full data ecosystem to be in place. “We couldn’t wait to get things moving,” Sarah shared. “Even though we knew we didn’t have the ideal architecture in place, we worked with our internal team to start streaming key behavioral events directly into Braze.” This allowed Purina to rapidly begin deploying activations, generating quick wins as they refined their long-term strategy. By focusing on getting key Google Analytics and loyalty data into Braze, the team boosted agility and speed to market. According to Diana, this approach resulted in a 12X increase in activation volume year over year, with activation launch times cut in half compared to the previous year. Custom campaigns that drive engagement One innovative activation was the Petivity Smart Litter Box Monitor promotion, a campaign targeting high-value app users with a VIP-exclusive offer. Using the Braze platform’s segmentation tools, Diana was able to identify users who owned cats with relevant health concerns, launching a multi-step journey that offered users a high-value offer for the health monitoring device. “We had 50 conditions in the segment, illustrating the power of the Braze tool and its ability to find your exact target consumer,” Diana explained. Meeting users where they are with real-time engagement A key element of Purina’s success with Braze is having the ability to meet users where they are, whether on the myPurina app, website, or through direct-to-consumer (DTC) channels. “We’ve launched many campaigns incentivizing consumers to cross over from our website to our app,” Diana said. By using in-browser messaging to notify users of points earned from purchases, Purina created a seamless experience that encourages users to engage across platforms. Diana also highlighted the importance of speaking to consumers on a 1:1 basis at scale. By incorporating personal touches—like using a pet’s name or referencing loyalty points—Purina enhanced its communications and deepened customer relationships. Looking ahead: Expanding Braze across the ecosystem As Purina looks toward the future, the team is excited to further expand their use of Braze. Sarah mentioned their plans to build cross- and upsell promotions using the platform’s AI-driven product recommendations and to develop true cross-channel consumer journeys across acquisition, loyalty, and retention. “We’re excited to take Braze even further into our ecosystem, including leveraging it for PetFinder, a rich entry point into the pet acquisition journey,” Sarah said. Final thoughts With a clear focus on personalization, data-driven decision-making, and agile activations, Nestlé Purina is pushing the boundaries of what’s possible in customer engagement, ensuring that every pet owner’s experience is not just transactional, but a meaningful journey that fosters lifetime pet wellness—and brand loyalty. To learn more about how today’s brands are driving success with their customer engagement strategies, register to attend Forge 2025 . SUBSCRIBE Be Absolutely Engaging. ™ Sign up for regular updates from Braze. Please select one option only and then submit your preference. Please enter your business email address. Loading... Related Content View the Blog Article 16 min read Congratulations to the Forge 2026 Torchie Awards winners September 29, 2026 Article 6 min read Bring 1:1 decisioning to every marketing journey with BrazeAI Decisioning Studio™ Go September 28, 2026 Article 12 min read Made for this: How Braze is providing new ways to build, support, and extend your campaigns September 28, 2026 It's time to be a better marketer Get Started See How Braze Works Braze. Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Overview Why Braze Braze Platform Overview How Braze Works Pricing Product Braze Data Platform BrazeAI™ BrazeAI Decisioning Studio™ BrazeAI™ Agents Cross-Channel Messaging Journey Orchestration Reporting Creative Studio Email Mobile App Messaging Web Messaging SMS/RCS WhatsApp Media Audience Sync LINE KakaoTalk Solutions Retail & eCommerce Financial Services Travel & Hospitality Media & Entertainment Gaming On Demand QSR Optimize Onboarding Boost Productivity Improve Acquisition Reduce Churn Increase Engagement Braze for Engineering Company About Us Careers News Investor Relations ESG Legal Contact Us & Locations Resources Case Studies Blog Reports & Guides Videos Webinars & Events Learning Documentation Documentation Home User Guide Developer Guide Partners Braze Alloys Partner Portal Partner Directory Featured Reports 2026 Global Engagement Review Support Support Overview Customer Services Customer Success Helpful Links Login System Status Technical Support © 2026 Braze All Rights Reserved Cookies Privacy Policy Preference Center Sitemap 