открылась
 Configure offers selection in decisions | Adobe Journey Optimizer Documentation Journey Optimizer Journey Optimizer Guide [Legacy]{class="badge informative"} Configure offers selection in decisions offers-selection-in-decisions Last update: September 8, 2026 Applies to: Journey Orchestration Topics: Guardrails and limitations Decision capabilities APIs and SDKs CREATED FOR: Intermediate User TIP Decisioning, Adobe Journey Optimizer’s new decisioning capability, is now available via the code-based experience and email channels! Learn more If several offers are eligible for a given placement, you can choose the method that will select the best offer for each profile when configuring a decision. You can rank offers by: Offer priority Ranking formula AI ranking Offer priority offer-priority By default, when several offers are eligible for a given placement in a decision, the offers with the highest priority will be delivered to the customers first. Offers’ priority scores are assigned when creating an offer. Learn how to create a personalized offer in this section . Ranking formula assign-ranking-formula In addition to offer priority, Journey Optimizer allows you to create ranking formulas . These are formulas that determine which offer should be presented first for a given placement, rather than taking into account the offers’ priority scores. For example, you can boost the priority of all offers where the end date is less than 24 hours from now, or boost offers from the “running” category if the profile’s point of interest is “running”. Learn how to create a ranking formula in this section . Once a formula has been created, you can assign it to a placement in a decision. To do this, follow the steps below: Create a decision or edit an existing one. See Create decisions . Add the placements that will contain your offers. See Create placements . For each placement, add a collection. See Create collections . Select Formula as the ranking method, then click Add ranking . Select the desired formula, then click Select . The ranking formula is now associated to the placement. If multiple offers are eligible to be presented in this placement, the decision will use the selected formula to calculate which offer to deliver first. AI ranking use-ranking-strategy You can also use a trained model system that automatically ranks offers to display for a given profile by selecting an AI model. Learn how to create an AI model in this section . Once an AI model has been created, you can assign it to a placement in a decision. To do this this, follow the steps below: Create a decision or edit an existing one. See Create decisions . Add the placements that will contain your offers. See Create placements . For each placement, add a collection. See Create collections . Choose to rank offers by AI ranking from the drop-down list, and click Add ranking . Select the AI model that you created. All the details of the model are displayed. Click Select . The AI model is now associated with the placement. If multiple offers are eligible, the trained model system will determine which offer should be presented first for a given placement. recommendation-more-help journey-optimizer-help 