открылась
 Scaling to 2 Million Emails Per Day: MoneyHero Amplifies Customer Engagement With MoEngage | MoEngage Platform Agentic Customer Engagement Platform Data & Analytics Warehouse-native Activate data from your Warehouse Segments Discover the right audience Analytics & Insights Analyze your data and uncover insights Merlin AI Agents Native Agents Agents for copy, creative, code and more Custom Agents Build long-horizon workflow agents AI Decisioning Offer Decisioning Personalized offers on surfaces Campaign Decisioning 1:1 agents for messaging Engagement Cross-Channel Marketing 16+ channels in one platform Web & App Personalization Web and app experiences in real time Real-Time Transactional Alerts Triggered messages at the right moment App Marketplace 300+ integrations – connect to your existing stack Scale & Security 99.99% uptime. 6 data centres. Enterprise-grade. Migrate to MoEngage AI-assisted migration. 350+ brands have switched. Channels Email Push Notification SMS WhatsApp RCS Paid Media In-App Messaging On-Site Messaging Content Cards Custom Connectors App Marketplace 300+ integrations – connect to your existing stack Scale & Security 99.99% uptime. 6 data centres. Enterprise-grade. Migrate to MoEngage AI-assisted migration. 350+ brands have switched. Solutions Industry financial services Guaranteed trust and security food & beverage Serve personalized experiences media & entertainment Content that connects travel & hospitality Effortless travel and hospitality experiences retail & e-commerce Engage customers, win loyalty moengage for shopify Personalized engagement for maximum revenue Role For Marketers For Product Owners For Developers Resources Learn Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Reports E-books Webinars and Events What's New Use Cases See All Resources Connect #GROWTH Events MoEngage Academy Agentic Marketing Tour 2026 Support Product Demos User Guide Developer Hub API Guide Partner Guide MoEngage Acquires Aampe MoEngage Named a Leader in the 2026 IDC MarketScape for AI-enabled CDPs for B2C Users Gartner™ Peer Insights Voice of Customer: Email Marketing Report 2026 The State of AI in Customer Engagement Customer Engagement Learning Hub What's New Partners Partners Partner ecosystem Empower growth with leading partners Technology partners Team up with the best in marketing tech Solution partners Accelerate success with expert solutions Integration App Marketplace Integration Docs Pricing Company Company About Us Explore the MoEngage story Press Center Grab the latest buzz here Careers Join our team, make an impact Contact Us We'd love to hear from you Mo-Baarah! #12YearsOfMoEngage MoEngage's 12th Anniversary Celebration | IND Team Celebrating a decade of milestones – more innovation, collaboration, and elevated customer engagement. Login Request Demo Demo Request Demo Login Demo --> --> MIGRATION | BANKING & FINANCE Scaling to 2 Million Emails Per Day: MoneyHero Amplifies Customer Engagement With MoEngage Download PDF --> 60 days Migration, Implementation and Go-Live Timelines 2+ Million Emails Email Ramp Up Volume --> ABOUT MONEYHERO GROUP MoneyHero Limited (NASDAQ: MNY) is a market leader in the online personal finance and digital insurance aggregation and comparison sector in Greater Southeast Asia. The Company operates in Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan and the Philippines. Its brand portfolio includes B2C platforms MoneyHero, SingSaver, Money101, Moneymax and Seedly, as well as the B2B platform Creatory. Improvements Sought by MoneyHero Group MoneyHero Group wanted to give marketing teams more control and autonomy over campaigns. They also wanted to offer their diverse customer base a deeper personalized experience with more targeted and relevant campaigns and gain better insights into customer preferences. MoEngage’s team has been extremely proactive right from the start. Most implementation was completed within 60 days for 4 MoneyHero brands across four countries. This is our fastest implementation experience with a customer engagement platform (CEP) vendor. Rohith Murthy CEO and Board Director, MoneyHero Group Why Did MoneyHero Choose MoEngage? MoneyHero wanted to provide the same level of service for all customers across brands, platforms, channels, and devices. The team wanted to analyze anonymous users visiting MoneyHero’s website and gain more insights into customer preferences, market trends, and demographics to provide them with more personalized and relevant communications. The team wanted to engage with its diverse customer base across countries and brands in a contextual and personalized manner, and it needed an all-in-one customer engagement platform purpose-built for financial service brands. After evaluating various customer engagement vendors for reliability, scalability, ease of use, and agility, MoneyHero Group onboarded MoEngage as their customer engagement partner. MoneyHero’s Implementation Journey With MoEngage 1) Email migration- Email migration for four brands under the MoneyHero group for all regions was completed with a ramp-up volume of up to 2 million emails. 2) Auxiliary Data for Smarter Data Management- The marketing team could use auxiliary data to supplement their permanent data repository with additional data points. These data points support their dynamic personalization initiatives, where readers of the MoneyHero blog receive curated content and product recommendations using On-site Messaging (OSM). Comprehensive Implementation Support from MoEngage A structured implementation workflow with predetermined timelines for security testing, onboarding, and periodical connections with relevant stakeholders across multiple functions helped MoneyHero Group manage expectations and better plan their everyday activities. MoneyHero group was provided with a dedicated project manager, implementation manager, and customer success manager to ensure they were proactively supported at all stages of their go-live journey. Products Used Email Builder Create out-of-the-box, personalized emails that convert, with fastest and easiest email builder . Results Implementation was done in less than 60 days for four brands under the MoneyHero group across four countries. Email warm-up and migration were done for 90+ campaigns with a ramp-up volume of up to 2 million emails. Using MoEngage, Policybazaar: Clocked 100% yoy increase in APE via push Disseminated 18-19 Flows to improve customer experience using drip campaigns in a more integrated manner across multiple channels --> Read More Case Studies From South East Asia Telecom How redONE Manages the Customer Lifecycle for 1M+ Subscribers Using MoEngage Travel & Hospitality How TOMOGO! by Tangle Engages with Tourists in Real Time with MoEngage Retail & E-commerce Blibli Halves Campaign Creation Time and Drives a 10% CTR Uplift via Automated Customer Journeys Banking & Finance ZenBusiness partners with Aampe to power one-to-one personalization for entrepreneurs with Agentic AI DATA & ANALYTICS Warehouse Native Customer Segments Analytics & Insights MERLIN AI AGENTS Native Agents Custom Agents AI DECISIONING Offer Decisioning Campaign Decisioning ENGAGEMENT Cross-Channel Marketing Web & App Personalization Real-Time Transactional Alerts COMPARE MoEngage vs. Adobe MoEngage vs. Airship MoEngage vs. Braze MoEngage vs. Oracle MoEngage vs. Salesforce LEARN Customer Stories Blog Webinars & Events Reports Knowledge Base See all Resources → SUPPORT Product Demos User Guide Developer Guide API Guide Partner Guide Use Cases CONNECT #GROWTH Events MoEngage Academy About MoEngage MoEngage is the agentic customer engagement platform trusted by 1,350+ global brands like McAfee, Flipkart, Domino’s, Nestle, Deutsche Telekom, and more. MoEngage’s powerful analytics, personalization, and AI capabilities give a 360-degree view of your customers and help you create journeys across digital channels. © Copyright 2026 MoEngage. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use I Privacy Policy I Cookie Policy I Responsible Disclosure I Legal & Privacy I Please wait while you are redirected to the right page... 