открылась
 YouTube Tests Variable Notifications Frequency To Maintain Channel Engagement | Social Media Today Skip to main content Don't miss tomorrow's social media industry news Let Social Media Today's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox. By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Informa TechTarget | CX Dive Marketing Dive Explore our brands An Informa TechTarget Publication Library Events Press Releases Topics Subscribe Subscribe Search Facebook TikTok Instagram Snapchat Pinterest X (Twitter) LinkedIn Live Twitter Chat SMT Experts Become a Contributor An article from YouTube Tests Variable Notifications Frequency To Maintain Channel Engagement Published March 26, 2025 By Andrew Hutchinson Content and Social Media Manager Share Copy link Email LinkedIn X/Twitter Facebook Print License Add us on Google YouTube’s testing a new way to help channels maintain engagement with subscribers and avoid overwhelming their followers with too many notifications. The problem, YouTube says, is that some users switch on all notifications from a channel, but they either don’t want every update, or they’re not as interested in the channel as they used to be. Which means that pumping all of your notifications to these users can actually prompt them to unsubscribe as a result. As explained by YouTube : “ Viewers often opt in to receive "All" notifications from many channels. When they feel overwhelmed or are no longer interested in a specific channel, instead of updating their subscription and notifications to better reflect their preferences, they simply turn off all notifications from the YouTube app entirely. It’s common for users to have turned on All notifications for a channel, only to have turned off app-level notifications [Creators can see how this impacts their channel in the Audience tab].” In order to avoid this, YouTube’s trying out a new notifications pipeline with a small subset of users, which will reduce the amount of notifications that it sends them . If a subscriber has signed up to receive all of a channel's notifications: Viewers who haven’t recently engaged with a channel despite having been sent recent push notifications will not receive push notifications in the experiment. Notifications will still be available via the notification inbox in the YouTube app. Channels that upload infrequently will not have their notifications affected. Actively engaged viewers with push notifications enabled on their device will continue to receive them. (No change) So rather than keep sending seemingly unengaged subscribers the same volume of notifications, which can prompt them to unsubscribe, YouTube’s going to limit these prompts, in the hopes that they’ll remain engaged in their own way. “ When viewers turn off all notifications from YouTube, all creators are unable to reach even their most engaged viewers outside the app. The goal of this experiment is to help us find ways to reduce this problem.” So it’s basically an effort to limit avoidance from notifications, while maintaining channel engagement. And it could work, using subscriber engagement as a proxy to determine what notifications to send them, even if they don’t update their notification settings. It seems like a worthy experiment either way, and YouTube notes that it will only impact a small number of channels initially. Add us on Google Share Copy link Email LinkedIn X/Twitter Facebook Print License Social Media Today news delivered to your inbox Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Email: Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Editors' picks Retrieved from Daniel Oberhaus/Wikimedia Commons on April 18, 2022 Tracker The Complete Elon Musk–Twitter Saga For months, we’ve been tracking Elon Musk’s $44 billion deal with Twitter. Now that the deal is done, we watch as the Musk-Twitter era begins. By Andrew Hutchinson and Emma Wiltshire • Nov. 2, 2022 Getty Images Deep Dive 3 Steps for Establishing a Core Marketing Message The key to maximizing a social media marketing strategy is to ground the approach in purpose. By Andrew Hutchinson • Jan. 19, 2024 Get the free newsletter Subscribe to Social Media Today for top news, trends & analysis Email: Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Take your knowledge further with Sign up for the free newsletter. Interested? Explore more of what has to offer. One-click newsletter signup You're all set Thanks for signing up! Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email from [email protected] To ensure we make it into your inbox regularly, add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book. Check out more from Most Popular Instagram chief shares algorithm insights and posting tips Instagram adds option to boost livestreams Facebook Pages get charged for link posts Meta launches Muse AI for SMBs Library resources Webinar - on demand The always-on advantage: How UGC fuels a strategy that outlasts any campaign Custom content for Skeepers Playbook What Programmatic Data Isn't Telling You About Lift, Reach, and Waste Custom content for illumin Webinar - on demand Lost in Translation? Avoiding Common Pain Points Global Brands Face While Scaling at Speed Custom content for LILT View all Company Announcements View all | Post a press release Events View all | Promote an event Social Media Today news delivered to your inbox Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Email: Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Company Announcements View all | Post a press release Metricool’s 2026 Social Ads Report Finds Meta Campaign Spend Up 47% as Returns Decline From Metricool September 21, 2026 Want to share a company announcement with your peers? Get started ➔ Editors' picks Retrieved from Daniel Oberhaus/Wikimedia Commons on April 18, 2022 Tracker The Complete Elon Musk–Twitter Saga For months, we’ve been tracking Elon Musk’s $44 billion deal with Twitter. Now that the deal is done, we watch as the Musk-Twitter era begins. By Andrew Hutchinson and Emma Wiltshire • Nov. 2, 2022 Getty Images Deep Dive 3 Steps for Establishing a Core Marketing Message The key to maximizing a social media marketing strategy is to ground the approach in purpose. By Andrew Hutchinson • Jan. 19, 2024 Explore About Editorial Team Contact Us Newsletter Purchase Licensing Rights Press Releases Reach our audience Advertising Post a press release Promote an event Log in Related Publications CX Dive Marketing Dive This website is owned and operated by Informa TechTarget , a global network that informs, influences and connects the world's technology buyers and sellers. © 2025 TechTarget, Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. An Informa PLC company. Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy | Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell Search Home Topics Facebook TikTok Instagram Snapchat Pinterest X (Twitter) LinkedIn Library Events Press Releases Get Social Media Today in your inbox The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines Email: Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. 