открылась
 Loblaw Case Study | MoEngage Platform Agentic Customer Engagement Platform Data & Analytics Warehouse-native Activate data from your Warehouse Segments Discover the right audience Analytics & Insights Analyze your data and uncover insights Merlin AI Agents Native Agents Agents for copy, creative, code and more Custom Agents Build long-horizon workflow agents AI Decisioning Offer Decisioning Personalized offers on surfaces Campaign Decisioning 1:1 agents for messaging Engagement Cross-Channel Marketing 16+ channels in one platform Web & App Personalization Web and app experiences in real time Real-Time Transactional Alerts Triggered messages at the right moment App Marketplace 300+ integrations – connect to your existing stack Scale & Security 99.99% uptime. 6 data centres. Enterprise-grade. Migrate to MoEngage AI-assisted migration. 350+ brands have switched. Channels Email Push Notification SMS WhatsApp RCS Paid Media In-App Messaging On-Site Messaging Content Cards Custom Connectors App Marketplace 300+ integrations – connect to your existing stack Scale & Security 99.99% uptime. 6 data centres. Enterprise-grade. Migrate to MoEngage AI-assisted migration. 350+ brands have switched. Solutions Industry financial services Guaranteed trust and security food & beverage Serve personalized experiences media & entertainment Content that connects travel & hospitality Effortless travel and hospitality experiences retail & e-commerce Engage customers, win loyalty moengage for shopify Personalized engagement for maximum revenue Role For Marketers For Product Owners For Developers Resources Learn Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Reports E-books Webinars and Events What's New Use Cases See All Resources Connect #GROWTH Events MoEngage Academy Agentic Marketing Tour 2026 Support Product Demos User Guide Developer Hub API Guide Partner Guide MoEngage Acquires Aampe MoEngage Named a Leader in the 2026 IDC MarketScape for AI-enabled CDPs for B2C Users Gartner™ Peer Insights Voice of Customer: Email Marketing Report 2026 The State of AI in Customer Engagement Customer Engagement Learning Hub What's New Partners Partners Partner ecosystem Empower growth with leading partners Technology partners Team up with the best in marketing tech Solution partners Accelerate success with expert solutions Integration App Marketplace Integration Docs Pricing Company Company About Us Explore the MoEngage story Press Center Grab the latest buzz here Careers Join our team, make an impact Contact Us We'd love to hear from you Mo-Baarah! #12YearsOfMoEngage MoEngage's 12th Anniversary Celebration | IND Team Celebrating a decade of milestones – more innovation, collaboration, and elevated customer engagement. Login Request Demo Request Demo Request Demo Login Request Demo --> --> TRANSACTIONAL MESSAGING | RETAIL & E-COMMERCE Loblaw Streamlines Transactional Messaging Across Business Lines with MoEngage Download Case Study Watch Video --> 12 Weeks To Onboard Transactional Messaging 70% Reduction in Engineering Bandwidth --> ABOUT LOBLAWS Loblaw Companies Limited is Canada’s food and pharmacy leader, as well as its largest retailer and private sector employer. With over 1 billion transactions each year in its unmatched network of 2,500 stores and national e-commerce options, Loblaw brings food, pharmacy, beauty, apparel and financial services to customers through many of Canada’s favorite and most-trusted brands: President’s Choice, No Name, Loblaws, Shoppers Drug Mart, No Frills, Real Canadian Superstore, T&T, Joe Fresh, PC Express and PC Financial. The Company’s loyalty program, PC Optimum, has more than 16 million active members and is one of Canada’s largest and best-loved reward programs. Loblaw’s purpose is to help Canadians live life well. It makes good food affordable, health, beauty and wellness accessible, saving for the future possible, and essential style achievable. Business Challenges Loblaw is a Canadian retailer that operates both corporate and franchise supermarkets under 22 regional and market-segmented banners, as well as pharmacies, banking, and apparel. Their digital engineering and messaging teams were investing significant time in building and maintaining transactional messages through various SMS and Email vendors, which restricted their ability to explore new channels such as Push Notifications. They sought a unified solution for transactional messaging across various channels (SMS, Email, and Push) and business lines on one centralized platform. Given the high cost of SMS in Canada, they were in search of a cost-effective strategy that would allow them to use multiple channels seamlessly according to their customers' reachability and consent. MoEngage Inform has become a core part of how we run our e-commerce experience at Loblaw across our lines of business. It keeps customers updated on their delivery and pickup orders with the speed and reliability they expect, which has made a meaningful difference in how engaged and confident they feel throughout the process. Charu Pujari SVP, AI and Engineering at Loblaw Digital MoEngage Solution: Transactional Messaging Loblaw partnered with MoEngage to scale up their transactional messaging needs across a number of different business lines such as PC Express, Joe Fresh, Loblaws Pharmacy and Shoppers Drug Mart. They leverage MoEngage Inform, which provides a unified API to orchestrate transactional messages across channels (Email, SMS and Push) to power use-cases like Order Updates for PC Express and Joe Fresh customers. Additionally, they implemented critical updates such as prescription refills for Digital Pharmacy and Shoppers Drug Mart customers, ensuring the delivery of time-sensitive alerts across various channels. MoEngage Inform provides Loblaw with a 99.99% Service Level Agreement (SLA) and guarantees instant send times (less than 3 seconds) for transactional uses. It also offers complete visibility from message sending to delivery and engagement for each message. Loblaw’s digital messaging teams now utilizes a user-friendly interface for creating and managing their Email and SMS templates, which includes reusable content blocks. This allows them easy alterations to template content during special events such as Black Friday/Cyber Monday sales. In the future, Loblaw anticipates using the 'Smart Send' feature to leverage various communication channels, with a channel fallback mechanism from Push to Email and SMS. Products Used A/B Testing Experiment with the best performing variation using A/B testing and quickly course correct in a proactive manner to send the right marketing and transactional messages. Customer Journey Orchestration Create unique, seamless experiences at every stage of your customer’s journey . MoEngage Inform Manage and scale Transactional Messaging efforts with minimal developer dependencies. Segmentation Personalize experiences by creating nuanced segments based on behavior and action. Results Overall, Loblaws was able to achieve the following: 12 Weeks To Onboard Transactional Messaging 5 Franchise Brands Implemented Across Business Lines 70% Reduction in Engineering Bandwidth Using MoEngage, Policybazaar: Clocked 100% yoy increase in APE via push Disseminated 18-19 Flows to improve customer experience using drip campaigns in a more integrated manner across multiple channels --> Read More Case Studies From US & Canada Retail & E-commerce Stadium Goods Unlocks 2X Growth in Revenue from Real-Time Triggers with MoEngage Banking & Finance ZenBusiness partners with Aampe to power one-to-one personalization for entrepreneurs with Agentic AI QSR Joe Coffee partners with Aampe to bring barista-level personalization to independent coffee at scale Retail & E-commerce Carousell partners with Aampe to power Adaptive, Agentic Personalization DATA & ANALYTICS Warehouse Native Customer Segments Analytics & Insights MERLIN AI AGENTS Native Agents Custom Agents AI DECISIONING Offer Decisioning Campaign Decisioning ENGAGEMENT Cross-Channel Marketing Web & App Personalization Real-Time Transactional Alerts COMPARE MoEngage vs. Adobe MoEngage vs. Airship MoEngage vs. Braze MoEngage vs. Oracle MoEngage vs. Salesforce LEARN Customer Stories Blog Webinars & Events Reports Knowledge Base See all Resources → SUPPORT Product Demos User Guide Developer Guide API Guide Partner Guide Use Cases CONNECT #GROWTH Events MoEngage Academy About MoEngage MoEngage is the agentic customer engagement platform trusted by 1,350+ global brands like McAfee, Flipkart, Domino’s, Nestle, Deutsche Telekom, and more. MoEngage’s powerful analytics, personalization, and AI capabilities give a 360-degree view of your customers and help you create journeys across digital channels. © Copyright 2026 MoEngage. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use I Privacy Policy I Cookie Policy I Responsible Disclosure I Legal & Privacy I Please wait while you are redirected to the right page... 