открылась
 Bally’s Braze Migration Case Study - Tap CXM What we do CRM System Migration For Allianz Petplan CXM Services Overview Understanding Customers As Individuals Delivering Personalisation At Scale Connecting Seamlessly Across Channels Measuring Incrementality And Effectiveness Managing Efficient Marketing Operations B2B CXM Services Overview Why Tap CXM? Insight Tap CXM Is ISO 27001:2022 Certified Read Article Our Approach About Us Tap CXM Careers Our Team Insights Success Stories Events Get in touch Success Story In-House Expertise to Guide Bally’s Braze Migration 20+ people mentored and trained 100+ journey canvasses created 8 ventures migrated Tap CXM’s Braze migration experience enabled Bally’s to move 8 ventures and millions of monthly users. Now, they’ve got a user-friendly platform, with a team that’s trained and ready to own it. Industry iGaming Date delivered May 2025 Length of project 6 months Solution provided Understanding customers as individuals, Delivering personalised CX at scale, Connecting Customer Journeys Across Channels The Project With their legacy marketing automation platform’s licence nearing its end, Bally’s Corporation decided to move customer engagement to Braze. It’s user-friendly and packed with features for managing iGaming customer journeys. Our mission was to make the migration seamless. This wasn’t just a “lift and shift” Braze migration. We were tasked with setting the platform and team up for long-term success. By embedding our Braze specialists in Bally’s team, we could train them to be confidently self-sufficient. The Challenge Migrating enterprise marketing platforms is never plug-and-play. Bally’s team knew what they wanted to achieve from the Braze migration, but they didn’t know Braze . They had: A complex setup with 6 UK and 2 Spanish ventures. Each venture running 10–20 regular campaigns. Data that needed careful mapping from the old system to Braze to handle custom attributes and events. Bespoke web personalisation and reward pop-ups that needed to be re-engineered. Limited knowledge of Braze features and low confidence going it alone. Complex testing requirements to prove the effectiveness of customer bonuses. There were lots of stakeholders, which added complexity. We worked with Bally’s data, product, marketing and martech teams, CRM managers, and project managers. The Solution As Bally’s resident Braze migration experts, we brought structure, speed, and support to an ambitious digital transformation project. Functionally, this looked like rebuilding customer journeys as bespoke Braze canvases and migrating operational and transactional notifications into Braze campaigns. But there was a lot more going on: Training the team as we developed new campaigns and functionality. Troubleshooting, consolidating, and optimising throughout migration. Leveraging webhooks and third-party APIs to deliver personalised experiences. Implementing API alerts to catch issues and missed engagement opportunities in real-time. Complex IP warming project spanning multiple ventures at once. Ongoing involvement in email deliverability calls. We completed the Braze migration in May 2025. Separately (but related), we also developed and deployed 65+ canvases in time for new rules around opt-in marketing that came into effect on 1 May 2025. This was a government-mandated deadline to comply with new regulation. By handling it in time and to a high standard, we helped Bally’s avoid the risks of large fines and lost revenue. The Results We’re proud to have helped Bally’s not just migrate from one marketing platform to another, but unlock Braze’s full potential: 6 UK and 2 EU ventures , each with unique market requirements, migrated on time and within budget. 100+ campaigns rebuilt as journeys in Braze’s Canvas feature, creating strategic journey canvases spanning every part of the customer lifecycle. 70+ critical notifications re-created in Braze’s Campaign tool, enabling speed and compliance. 20+ Bally’s team members across 4 teams mentored and trained in Braze for smooth adoption and long-term success. Fewer errors , no email deliverability decline, and faster API issue alerts. Back-end optimisations including reporting, workflow improvements, and customer journey logic. As with any enterprise marketing platform, Braze presents several ways to do the same work. We can confidently say that Bally’s now follows the most efficient and effective approach , with a platform that’s geared for growth Success Stories William Hill Matures Customer Experience Model QiH Group's Mature Email Marketing Embedded CXM Consulting Expertise For Gamesys Car Maker Enhances Customer Connection Henkel's Data Integration And Marketing Automation Project InComm Boosts Customer Retention And Data Security Optimising McDonald's Data Processing (And Loyalty) Pandora Enhances UX With Technical Consulting Petplan's B2B2C Marketo Solution Get relevant Customer Experience updates & insights direct to your email Email* Sign Up Home Our Locations London 2-6 Boundary Row, London, SE1 8HP 020 3714 4280 New York 250 Broadway, 24FL New York, NY 10007, USA 1 917 673 7280 Barcelona 15 Passeig del Mare Nostrum, Barcelona, 08039 Melbourne Tower 5, 727 Collins St, Melbourne, 3008 Mumbai 3301 Indiabulls Sky Forest, Mumbai, 400012 Services Key information CXM Services Overview B2B CXM Services Overview Technology Partners Our work Our Approach Success Stories Get in touch Make an enquiry Join the team © Tap CXM Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Connect with us on social media Keep in touch Stay informed with personalised updates and insights by signing up to our customer experience focused newsletter. Get the latest CX trends and updates Get inspired by the latest success stories On average, we’ll send one email a month You can unsubscribe at any time We just need a few more details Newsletter Pop Up Email * First name * Last name Organisation * Role * Phone Radio Buttons Opt in to receive personalised content & updates Sign up If you are human, leave this field blank. 