открылась
 Channel Coordination · Airship Docs platform-web tags Docs What's New Guides Developer Integrations Reference Book a Meeting Back to Main Menu On This Page Search / Book a Meeting Home / Guides / Features / Orchestration / Channel Coordination … / Channel Coordination Channel Coordination is a group of strategies for targeting users where they are most likely to receive your message. Copy for LLM View as Markdown Channel Coordination helps you target contacts Any user in your project. Contacts are identified as either an anonymous contact or a named user. Airship can set targeting data on these identifiers, which are also used to map devices and channels to a specific user. who are opted in to multiple notification channels to maximize engagement. Choose an approach based on your message type, its urgency, and your specific use case. How Channel Coordination works Airship listens for activity such as opens, custom events, and uninstalls, and automatically assigns tags in the ua:orchestration tag group An array of tags that you can associate with both channels and named users. to reflect each user’s channel activity and availability. Each tag-based strategy uses one of these tags to determine message delivery. When you send a message to a user who is opted in on multiple channels, Channel Coordination determines which channel receives it based on the strategy you’ve selected. You can set a strategy in the dashboard or API. For Sequences A series of messages that is initiated by a trigger. Airship sends messages in the series based on your timing settings, and you can also set conditions that determine its audience and continuation. Sequences can be connected to each other and to other messaging components to create continuous user experiences in a Journey. , Fan Out is the default behavior when targeting named users, and Originating Channel is used for all accounts not enabled for Channel Coordination. Note For projects using channel-level evaluation , the strategies target a named user A contact identified with an ID you provide, such as a customer ID from your CRM. Associating channels with that ID maps multiple devices and channels to one individual. Each named user has a unique named user ID. , not a contact, so you must implement named users for your project. For User Preference , you must also set user preference tags on the named user. Follow the steps in Associating channels with named users . Strategies Each strategy determines which channel receives your message when a user is reachable on multiple channels. Fan Out The Fan Out strategy targets a contact on all the channels they are opted in to, maximizing the chances they receive your message. This strategy is suitable for highly urgent messages, where the user will not be sensitive to over-messaging. This is the default strategy when a Sequence does not have a triggering channel, e.g., a message sent as a result of a named user custom event or tag change, which equally applies to all channels. Last Active The Last Active strategy targets a contact on the opted-in channel they used most recently. In many cases user recency is the best indicator of preference. Last Active is supported for app, web, and email channels only. Last Active is based on the following events for each channel: App — App open Web — Web session Email — Email open , Email click A device that is opted-in will have higher priority than an opted-out device even if the opted-out device was active more recently. For example, if the contact has two devices, iOS and Android, and the iOS device is opted-in while the Android device is opted-out, even if the Android device’s app is opened more recently than the iOS device’s app has been used, the iOS device will remain the “last active” because it is the only one that is still opted-in. For example, when a user clicks a link in an email: If they are directed to a web page and are registered for web push, Last Active will be Web. Otherwise, it will be Email. If they are directed through a deep link to an app and are registered for mobile push notifications, Last Active will be App. Otherwise, it will be Email. If there is more than one opted-in device for a particular contact, the device that has most recently had activity will receive any push targeted to the last active device. Examples of possible activities are a registration event, opt-in event, open event, or a custom event. Originating Channel The Originating Channel strategy targets a contact on the channel that triggered a Sequence. Messaging users on the channels they use to engage your brand can help ensure a consistent user experience. This strategy is used for all accounts not enabled for Channel Coordination. Originating Channel will not work if the triggering behavior is a custom event applied to the contact. In that case, there is no channel associated with the behavior. Airship will instead use the Fan Out strategy for delivery. Priority Channel with Fallback The Priority Channel strategy targets a contact on the first channel they are opted in to, in the priority order you set. Use this strategy to drive engagement toward one strategic channel, such as directing users to the app to save SMS or email cost. For Sequences, you set priority order for each message. The priority channel system actively monitors events such as app opens and opt-in status changes to track where your audience is reachable for messaging. However, not all channel state changes are received in real time: Limitation — On iOS and Android, push providers (APNs and FCM) do not send signals when a user uninstalls an app. Airship only learns of an uninstall when it attempts to send a push notification. Handling — When an uninstall is detected, Airship automatically redirects the message to the next available channel in the priority list in real time. The Priority Channel tag is also reassigned at the same time. Note For projects using channel-level evaluation , before you can use the Priority Channel strategy, you must set the priority order for your project. This setting determines the default channel order after selecting the Priority Channel strategy. You must have at least two channels configured and enabled. Set the priority order of your project’s configured and enabled channels: Next to your project name, select the dropdown menu ( ), then Settings . Under Project settings , select Channel Priority . Enable the channels you want to send the message to. Drag your selected channels into priority order. Select Save . After setting priority order for your project, additional processing time may be required to set the Priority Channel tag for larger audiences. The tag will be available for use after several minutes for smaller audiences and up to several hours for audiences of one million or more. User Preference The User Preference strategy targets a contact on their preferred channel. This is understood to provide the optimal customer experience. This strategy is supported for projects using channel-level evaluation only and is not supported for Sequences A series of messages that is initiated by a trigger. Airship sends messages in the series based on your timing settings, and you can also set conditions that determine its audience and continuation. Sequences can be connected to each other and to other messaging components to create continuous user experiences in a Journey. . Set channel priority Before using the User Preference strategy, you must first set channel priority in your Airship project. This initializes the tag class used for User Preference and makes it available to use. Set the priority order of your project’s configured and enabled channels: Next to your project name, select the dropdown menu ( ), then Settings . Under Project settings , select Channel Priority . Enable the channels you want to send the message to. Drag your selected channels into priority order. Select Save . You can then remove the settings and save again or keep them in place if you intend to also use the Priority Channel with Fallback strategy. Apply channel preference tags In order to set a preferred channel for a user, they must be opted in on at least two messaging channels, such as iOS and Web. Before you can target users based on their channel preference, you first need to set tags expressing that preference. For a user that is opted in on multiple channels and has provided an explicit communication preference, first add a user_preferred tag to the preferred channel, then target that tag in your messaging. You will set a "user_preferred" tag in the "ua:orchestration" tag group on one channel per named user. List all channels for your named user by using the Named Users API . Once you parse the results to gather the channel A device or address registered with Airship to receive messages, such as a mobile app, web browser, email address, or SMS number. It stores opt-in status, device-specific information, and metadata used for targeting. Each channel has a unique channel ID. IDs, maintain the "user_preferred" tag on each channel using our Tags API : POST /api/channels/tags HTTP / 1.1 Authorization : Basic <master authorization string> Accept : application/vnd.urbanairship+json; version=3 Content-Type : application/json { "audience" : { "ios_channel" : "b8f9b663-0a3b-cf45-587a-be880946e881" }, "add" : { "ua:orchestration" : [ "user_preferred" ] } } Setting a strategy in the dashboard You can set Channel Coordination in the following locations in the dashboard: Strategy Message composer Automation composer Sequence messages A/B test variants Fan Out Yes Yes Yes Yes Last Active Yes Yes Yes Yes Priority Channel Yes Yes Yes Yes Originating Channel No No Yes No In the Message composer and A/B test variants, set Channel Coordination in the Audience step. In the Automation composer and each message in a Sequence, set it in the Setup step. Configuration is the same in all locations: Under Channel coordination , select a strategy. Enable the channel types to include in your audience. For Mobile Apps, also select from the available platforms. For Priority Channel, drag the channel types into priority order. Setting a Channel Coordination strategy in the Message composer Channel-level segmentation For projects using channel-level evaluation , you can set Channel Coordination in the following locations in the dashboard: Strategy Message composer Sequence messages A/B tests A/B tests (legacy) Feature flag configurations Fan Out Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Last Active Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Priority Channel Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes User Preference Yes No Yes Yes Yes Originating Channel No Yes No No No In the Message composer, A/B tests, legacy A/B tests, and feature flag configurations, configure Channel Coordination in the Audience step: Select Target Specific Users . (In feature flag configurations only) Select Segments . For Fan Out, search for a named user and select from the listed results. For Last Active, Priority Channel, and User Preference: Search for and select the Orchestration tag group. Search for the specific tag within the tag group: last_active for Last Active priority_platform for Priority Channel user_preferred for User Preference Set the True operator to include users for whom the condition is true. For Sequences, set Channel Coordination after selecting Add message content for a new message: Select a strategy. Enable the channel types to include in your audience. For Priority Channel, drag the channel types into priority order. Note For Priority Channel, when the app channel is enabled, Airship will send to any iOS, Android, or Fire OS devices that are opted-in to notifications. In addition to audience configuration, you can also include tags for Last Active, Priority Channel, and User Preference in a segment A reusable audience group you create by selecting unique or shared user data. : Search for and select the Orchestration tag group. Search for the last_active , priority_platform , or user_preferred tag within the tag group. Set the True operator to include users for whom the condition is true. Setting a strategy using the API To set Fan Out using the API, enumerate all configured messaging platforms using the device_types selector. Setting the Fan Out strategy POST /api/push HTTP / 1.1 Authorization : Basic <master authorization string> Content-Type : application/json Accept : application/vnd.urbanairship+json; version=3 { "audience" : { "named_user" : "ozymandias" }, "notification" : { "alert" : "Look upon which works now?" }, "device_types" : [ "ios" , "android" , "sms" , "web" ] } To set Last Active , Priority Channel , and User Preference using the API, use the last_active , priority_platform , or user_preferred tag in the ua:orchestration tag group. Setting the Last Active strategy POST /api/push HTTP / 1.1 Authorization : Basic <master authorization string> Content-Type : application/json Accept : application/vnd.urbanairship+json; version=3 { "audience" : { "tag" : "last_active" , "group" : "ua:orchestration" }, "notification" : { "alert" : "Hi, last active!" }, "device_types" : [ "ios" , "android" , "sms" , "web" ] } Back Journeys Next Intelligence & AI Was this page helpful? Yes No Thanks for your feedback! Tell Us More Thanks for letting us know! Tell Us More On this page Related Resources Channel Coordination Omnichannel Customer Journey Guides Features Messaging & Engagement Scenes About Embedded Content Custom Views Surveys and Stories Branching Conditional design overrides Rollouts Push notifications Message Center Landing pages Email In-App Automation In-App Messages SMS/MMS/RCS Open channels Real-time app updates Orchestration Journeys Channel Coordination Intelligence & AI AI in Airship Audience Pulse Predictive Analytics Predictive Churn Optimal Send Time Data & Integration Zero-copy data integration Pilot Features Getting Started What is Airship? Try Airship Messaging Messaging basics Set up your project Send your first message Learn the dashboard Configure project essentials Manage team access Team roles Twilio and SendGrid Mobile channel configuration Custom domains Wallet Wallet basics Set up your project Create your first pass Learn the dashboard Teams and access Apple Wallet certificates Google Wallet certificates Account & Security Your account and logging in Company and plan Usage and billing Security Account security Multi-factor authentication (MFA) IP allowlist Audience & Segmentation Your audience Named users Device properties Attributes About attributes Adding attributes Setting and removing attributes Targeting your audience Tags About tags Setting and removing tags Targeting your audience Events About events Differentiating event types Adding events Tracking events Targeting your audience Audience lists Lifecycle Uploaded Subscription Segments Audience Pulse Retargeting Decay Audience data reference Tools Contact management Finding channel IDs SFTP upload for CSV files Privacy Individual Data Privacy Rights Under Data Privacy Laws Messaging Messages Overview and Calendar Testing tools Creating Messages Create a message Automations and Sequences About Automations and Sequences Create an Automation Creating Sequences Create a Sequence Sequence templates Set outcomes Add messages Test Sequences Edit or duplicate Triggers Sequence Manage view Sequence Performance Content by channel App Push notifications In-app messages Message Center Landing pages Web Email Email Unsubscribe links Double opt-in links SMS/MMS/RCS Open channels Delivery Delivery Delivery options Ban Lists Actions Buttons Localization Apple News In-App Experiences Scenes, Stories, and Embedded Content Create a Scene Reports In-App Automation Create an In-App Automation Localization Configuration Default settings Triggers Actions Optional features App screens Privacy Best Practices for In-App Experiences Content editors About Scenes About Behaviors Root appearance Screens Content elements Design properties Branching AI content Custom layouts Interactive About Styling and formatting Actions Merge fields Saving blocks and layouts Visual (Legacy) Tools & Features Brand guidelines Campaigns Preference Centers Android Live Updates iOS Live Activities Generative AI content Opt-in forms SMS keywords Media library Composer Favorites Bulk sending Accessibility in messaging Managing Messages Archive Delete Duplicate Edit Change status Project Settings Configuration Android notification categories Deep links Message Limits Personalization About Personalization Dashboard tools Previewing personalization Sources Attributes Create and Send Custom events External data feeds Message namespace properties Promotional codes Content Templates Snippets Actions and media Handlebars reference Handlebars basics Text helpers Math helpers Date and time helpers Logic/conditional statements Looping through objects and arrays Encoding and hashing helpers Experimentation Experiment types A/B tests About A/B testing A/B test types Messages Messages (Legacy) Scenes Sequences Intelligent Rollouts Feature Flags Holdout Experiments Control Groups Reports & Analytics About reports Goals Engagement reports Message reports Performance Analytics Getting started Exploring Exploring the data Audience with Attributes Custom Events Device Events Engagement Scenes Tag Events Dashboard and Look definitions Email data SMS data Common tasks and queries Saving queries Scheduling data delivery Add web metrics to a report Export lists Find in-app impression rate Find inactive users Get a list of tags for a user Get a list of users who were sent or opened an A/B test Report on funnel and path Set up user-defined properties Split results by tag Real-Time Data Streaming Activity log Wallet User guide Learning the UI The template editor Designing and managing templates Design a template Actions Private images Boarding pass overrides Send a test pass Manage templates NFC Support Creating and distributing pass links About Adaptive Links Create Adaptive Links: API Create Adaptive Links: Dashboard CSV upload Event tickets Flights and boarding passes Distributing pass links Google Wallet deep links Auto Linked Passes Updating passes About updating passes Pass expiration Create a segment for targeting Apply template design changes Boarding pass semantics Sending notifications Wallet Push Notifications Pass Update Notifications Location-Based Pass Alerts Reporting Wallet callbacks Template activity Project Settings Manage barcode Add app store link to back of a pass Reference Categories © 2009 - 2026 Airship. All rights reserved. Legal Terms Security Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Swift and the Swift logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. Android is a trademark of Google LLC; the Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License . Apache, Apache Cordova, and the Apache Cordova logo are trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation. All other trademarks, logos, and brand names are the property of their respective owners. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. 