открылась
 Intelligent Timing Skip to content User Guide Developer Guide API Technology Partners What's New ‍ EN DE ES FR JA KO PT-BR User Guide Home User Guide Developer Guide API Technology Partners What's New braze.com ‍ EN DE ES FR JA KO PT-BR Log in Get started Press Arrow down to open the documentation menu without expanding the sidebar. Home Get started Users and segments Campaigns and Canvases Workspaces Integration SDK overview Terms to know Braze Pilot Get started Data dictionary Navigation deep links B2B use cases Data models Lead scoring Account-based segmentation Salesforce Sales Cloud Administer Personal Access your account The dashboard Language settings Product portal Braze Support API and SDK endpoints Braze Certification Global Create and manage workspaces Migrate data between workspaces User management Company users Permissions Teams Automated user provisioning SCIM group role mapping Internal groups SAML and single sign-on SAML SSO setup SAML Just-in-Time provisioning Microsoft Entra SSO Okta OneLogin Admin settings Contact information Notification preferences Security settings Security events export with S3 Workspace time zones OAuth settings Workspace settings APIs and identifiers Brand guidelines Email preferences Bot filtering for emails Logs and alerts API usage alerts Event user log Exports log Message activity log Localization settings Push settings Managing tags Messaging rate limits OAuth and MCP access Billing Credits Usage dashboard Usage alerts Privacy Spam regulations Manage consent Data Unification Cloud Data Ingestion Best practices Table setup Data warehouse integrations File storage integrations Google Workload Identity Federation Sync and delete catalog data Sync Decisioning Studio data Zero-copy personalization Sync logs and observability Delete users with CDI FAQ SQL editor Visual mapper Connected sources Data Transformation Create a transformation Use cases Create a formula User data SDK data collection User profile lifecycle Anonymous users Collection use case Collection best practices Language codes Activation Custom data Data types Manage custom data Blocklist custom data Attributes Standard attributes Custom attributes Array of objects Nested custom attributes Events Custom events Custom event properties Nested objects Recommended events Product blocks Use eCommerce recommended events Purchase events Event naming conventions Catalogs Create a catalog Using catalogs Catalog triggers Back-in-stock notifications Price drop notifications Selections Accounts Distribution Currents Set up Currents Available partners Event delivery semantics Custom Currents Export Currents event glossary Customer behavior and user events User Profiles Message engagement events Currents Event Changelogs Use cases How Braze uses Currents Transfer data from Amazon S3 to Snowflake Transfer data to Redshift FAQ Export Braze data Message archiving Campaign data Canvas data Segment data Export APIs Troubleshooting FAQ Infrastructure Data centers Identifier field-level encryption Data points Audience Your audience Manage audience User profiles Delete users Import users CSV import Merge duplicate users Merge behavior Segments Create a segment Manage segments Segmentation filters Segment data Measure segment size Segment Extensions CDI Segment Extensions SQL Segment Extensions Catalog segments RFM segments Use cases SQL table reference Calculated filters Segment Insights Location targeting Regular expressions Troubleshooting Use case: Nested custom attributes Locations and geofences Location tracking Create geofences Subscription preferences Subscription status Subscription groups Preference center API email preference center Drag-and-drop email preference center Global Control Group Suppression lists Messaging Fundamentals Accessibility Conversion events Quiet hours Workspace quiet hours Delivery and entry types Dispatch ID Rate limiting and frequency capping FAQ Message Prioritization Reporting FAQ Know before you send Localization Multi-language messages Right-to-left messages Re-eligibility Send test messages Target users Governance Approvals Messaging rules Archive Copy across workspaces Duplicate Shareable preview Statuses Idle campaigns and Canvases Tags Campaigns Campaign basics Create a campaign Manage campaigns Edit your campaign after launch Campaign alerts Search for campaigns Schedule your campaign Scheduled delivery Action-based delivery Attribute triggers Campaign Connector API-triggered delivery Content calendar Test campaigns API-triggered and action-based campaigns Campaign analytics Retention reports Funnel reports Ideas and strategies Best practices Active user campaigns Add-to-calendar links Automate Zoom registration Capture lapsing users Retargeting campaigns Understanding user installs Booking reminder email Feature awareness and new app version FAQ Canvas Canvas basics Create a Canvas Comments in Canvas Exit criteria Context and event properties Persistent entry properties Canvas by channel Content Cards In-app messages Canvas components Action Paths Agent Audience Paths Canvas Audience Sync Experiment Paths Winning Path Content Optimizer Context Decision Split Delay Feature Flag Message Send to Destination User Update Manage Canvases Edit Canvases after launch Save drafts for Canvas Canvas version history Cloning Canvases Canvas alerts Test Canvases Preview user paths Send test Canvases Canvas analytics Retention reports Funnel reports Ideas and strategies Canvas outlines Best practices Canvas QA checklist Launch with Canvas Flow eCommerce use cases Matching exit criteria to entry events Booking reminder email Troubleshooting FAQ Design and edit Personalize Dashboard tools Preview personalization Sources User profile REST API Campaign and Canvas attributes across sources Catalog Canvas entry properties Key-value pairs Promotion codes Create codes Use codes Migrate from Data Feeds Context variables Action and media URLs Liquid reference Use Liquid Supported personalization tags Operators Filters Advanced filters Message extras tag Set default values Conditional messaging logic Abort messages Liquid use case library Tutorials FAQ Connected Content reference Make a Connected Content call Local Connected Content variables Abort Connected Content Cache responses Pull user profile data Connected Content Debugger Troubleshoot webhooks and Connected Content Connected Content retries Use public APIs Media library Image specifications FAQ Editor blocks Content Blocks Product blocks Templates Manage templates Canvas templates Use Braze templates Abandoned intent Back in stock Email sign-up with double opt-in Feature adoption Lapsed user Onboarding Onboarding with preferences survey Post-purchase feedback Email templates Create an email template Upload an HTML email template Link aliasing Link templates FAQ In-app message templates Create an in-app message template Onboarding flow SMS, RCS, and WhatsApp sign-up form Email sign-up form Email sign-up with discount Email sign-up with image Email sign-up with offer Email sign-up with confirmation Product announcement Seasonal promotion with image Webhook templates A/B tests Concepts Variant distribution Random bucket numbers Conversion correlation Race conditions Create tests Optimizations Analytics FAQ Feature flags Create feature flags Feature flags in Canvas Feature flag experiments FAQ Landing pages Create landing pages Surveys Multi-step forms Customize the URL Track users Retarget users Personalize landing pages JavaScript bridge Manage Subscriptions block Create custom form blocks About tracking data Surveys Channels Banners Create a Banner Custom code and JavaScript bridge Reporting FAQ Content Cards Create a Content Card Card creation Creative details Reporting Best practices Improve low latency Know before you send Email Setup Set up IPs and domains Email self-serve Verified domains Amazon SES setup Understanding DNS records IP warming Automated IP warming FAQ Email authentication Email validation Import your email list SSL at Braze Troubleshooting Consent and address collection Deliverability pitfalls and spam traps Open pixel and click tracking Drag-and-drop editor Editor blocks NPS survey FAQ HTML editor CSS inlining Gmail Promotions tab Troubleshooting Customize Email global style settings Universal links and App Links Custom email footer AMP for email Subscriptions Use cases Inbox Vision Reporting Email analytics glossary Email deliverability glossary Best practices Email guidelines Email styling Email deliverability Apple Mail Send emails to Apple Private Relay Apple Mail Privacy Protection Sunset policies Know before you send FAQ KakaoTalk Set up KakaoTalk Create a KakaoTalk message KakaoTalk reporting KakaoTalk click tracking Transactional email Create a transactional email Set up tracking In-app messages Drag-and-drop editor Surveys Create an in-app message Message types Fullscreen Modal Slideup Custom HTML Email capture form Simple survey Customize Style settings Dark mode themes Video in custom HTML Reporting Best practices Prep guide In-app rating prompt for iOS Know before you send FAQ LINE Setup Create a LINE message Message types LINE click tracking Message users User management Subscription groups Reporting Push Setup Push token lifecycle Push subscription states Create a push message Message and image formats Push action buttons Push Stories Multiple platform push messages Quick push messages Message types Platform-specific resources Android options Notification options Create rich notifications Notification channels Advanced push campaign settings Push Max iOS options Notification options Create rich notifications Custom app icon feature (iOS 10.3) Utilizing badge count Web push Troubleshooting Reporting Best practices Push primer in-app messages Deliverability for Chinese Android devices Know before you send Common push error messages FAQ SMS, MMS, and RCS Setup RCS setup Sender setup A2P 10DLC 10DLC application User phone numbers SMS sending Subscription groups Geographic permissions Terms to know Create a message Contact cards Features and optimization Link shortening Self-serve custom domains Keyword processing Opt-in and opt-out keywords Double opt-in Custom keyword handling Handle unknown phone numbers Fuzzy opt-out User retargeting Bot click filtering Compliance and delivery Laws and regulations Best practices Collect user opt-ins Know before you send Preventing SMS, MMS, and RCS traffic pumping fraud Billing calculator Reporting FAQ Webhooks Create a webhook Use case: Create a Braze-to-Braze webhook Reporting WhatsApp Setup Embedded signup BYO WhatsApp connector User phone numbers Subscription groups Multiple business accounts WhatsApp phone numbers Acquire a number Migrate a number Transfer between workspaces Create a WhatsApp message Message and image formats Message processing Quality rating and messaging limits Opt-ins and opt-outs User messages Handle unknown phone numbers Features and optimization Optimized delivery Click tracking WhatsApp Flows Product messages User retargeting Custom domains WhatsApp Template Builder Liquid Carousel templates Use cases Ads That Click to WhatsApp WhatsApp and external systems Two-way conversation Abandoned cart reminder Meta resources Reporting Best practices Send failures FAQ Analytics Dashboards Home Channel performance Conversions Deliverability Center API usage Dashboard Builder Messaging Observability Industry Benchmarks dashboard Reports Campaign analytics Canvas analytics Report Builder Segment reporting Report Builder (legacy) Query Builder Build queries Query templates SQL variables Metrics by segments Engagement reports Custom events report Revenue report Funnel reports Retention reports Configure reporting Tracking Uninstall tracking Influenced opens Segment analytics tracking Metrics glossary BrazeAI Agent Console Create agents Deploy agents Reference Knowledge sources Conversational Agents Agentic Standards Examples FAQ Braze MCP server Braze MCP server setup Using the Braze MCP server Available API functions Content Optimizer Decisioning Studio Get started Design decisioning agents Prepare your data General principles Critical data assets Snapshots versus event streams Use Braze external ID Connect your data Backfilling best practices Choose your features Define your audience Set up orchestration Launch your agent Decisioning Studio Go Set up your agent Examples FAQ Reports and insights Performance Insights Diagnostics Timeline FAQ Use case Generative AI Content review Copywriting Data transformation Images Liquid code SQL queries SQL Segment Extensions Intelligence Suite Intelligent Timing Channel filter Optimize with BrazeAI Use case Operator Capabilities Review actions Support tickets Prompt library Analyze Data privacy and security Troubleshooting Predictive Suite Predictive Churn Create a churn prediction Messaging users Churn analytics Troubleshooting Use case Predictive Events Create an Event Prediction Messaging users Event analytics Use case Item recommendations Create recommendations AI recommendations Rules-based recommendations Use recommendations Analytics Use case Example library Catalogs Filter by date range Match catalog items to an attribute array Localized catalog content Analytics Order Placed SQL dashboards Data Compare data ingestion options Localization Compare translation approaches Personalize messages Test messages with mock JSON Web Link cross-domain Web SDK users Privacy portal Press Esc to close the menu Copy for LLM View as Markdown Intelligent Timing Use Intelligent Timing to deliver your message to each user when Braze determines a user’s optimal send time, which is when a user is most likely to engage (open or click). This makes it easier for you to check that you are messaging your users at their preferred time and can lead to higher engagement. About Intelligent Timing Braze calculates the optimal send time based on a statistical analysis of your users’ past interactions with your app and their interactions with each messaging channel. The following interaction data is used: Session times Push Direct Opens Push Influenced Opens Email Clicks Email Opens (excluding Machine Opens ) SMS Clicks (only if link shortening and advanced tracking are enabled) For example, Sam might open your emails in the morning regularly, but she opens your app and interacts with notifications in the evening. That means Sam would receive an email campaign with Intelligent Timing in the morning, while she would receive campaigns with push notifications in the evening, when she’s more likely to engage. If a user doesn’t have any relevant engagement data for Braze to calculate the optimal send time, you can specify a fallback time. Examples Send recurring campaigns that aren’t time sensitive Automate campaigns with users from multiple time zones When messaging your most engaged users (they’ll have the most engagement data) Using Intelligent Timing This section describes how to configure Intelligent Timing for your campaigns and Canvases. campaign canvas Step 1: Add Intelligent Timing Create a campaign and compose your message. Select the Scheduled Delivery as your delivery type. Under Time-Based Scheduling Options , select Intelligent Timing . Set the entry frequency. For one-time sends, select Once and select a send date. For recurring sends, select Daily , Weekly , or Monthly and configure the recurrence options. See Considerations for more guidance. Optionally, configure Quiet Hours . Specify a fallback time . This is when the message is sent if a user’s profile doesn’t have any relevant events to calculate an optimal time. Quiet hours Use quiet hours to prevent messages from being sent during specific hours. This is helpful when you want to avoid sending messages during early morning hours or overnight, while still allowing Intelligent Timing to determine the best delivery window. note Quiet hours has replaced the Only send within specific hours setting. Instead of choosing when messages can be sent, you now choose when they shouldn’t be sent. For example, to send messages between 4 pm and 6 pm, set quiet hours from 6 pm to 4 pm the next day. Select Enable Quiet Hours . Select the start and end time when not to send messages. When quiet hours are turned on, Braze won’t send messages during the quiet period—even if that time matches a user’s optimal send time. If a user’s optimal time falls within the quiet window, the message is sent instead at the nearest edge of the window. The abort fallback option is not available when Intelligent Timing is on. For example, if quiet hours are set from 10 pm to 6 am and a user’s optimal time is 5:30 am, Braze holds the message and delivers it at 6 am, the closest time outside the quiet window. For more information, see Quiet hours . Preview delivery times To see an estimate of how many users will receive the message in each hour of the day, use the preview chart (campaigns only). Add segments or filters in the Target Audiences step. In the section Preview Delivery Times for (which appears in both the Target Audiences and Schedule Delivery steps), select your channel. Click Refresh Data . Step 2: Choose a send date Next, select a send date for your campaign. Keep the following in mind when scheduling campaigns with Intelligent Timing: Launch campaign 48 hours in advance Launch your campaign at least 48 hours before the scheduled send date. This is because of variations in time zones. Braze calculates the optimal time at midnight in Samoa time (UTC+13), one of the first time zones in the world. A single day spans about 48 hours across the globe, which means that if you launch a campaign within that 48-hour buffer, it’s possible that a user’s optimal time has already passed in their time zone, and the message won’t be sent. important If a campaign is launched and a user’s optimal time is less than an hour in the past, the message goes out immediately. If the optimal time is more than an hour in the past, the message is not sent at all. 3-day window for segment filters If you’re targeting an audience that has performed an action in a certain period of time, allow for at least a 3-day window in your segment filters. For example, instead of First used app more than 1 day ago and First used app less than 3 days ago , use 1 day and 4 days. This is also because of time zones—selecting a period of less than 3 days may cause some users to fall out of the segment before their optimal send time is reached. For more information, refer to FAQ: Intelligent Timing . Schedule the optimized send at least 2 days after the A/B test If you use Optimize with BrazeAI™ for a single-send campaign, Intelligent Timing may affect the duration and timing of your campaign. When using Intelligent Timing, set the experiment duration so the optimized send begins at least two days after the A/B test starts. For example, if your test starts on April 16 at 4:00 PM, configure the optimized send to begin no sooner than April 18 at 4:00 PM. This gives Braze enough time to evaluate user behavior and send messages at the optimal time. Step 3: Configure quiet hours (optional) Optionally, you can choose to limit the delivery window. This may be useful if your campaign pertains to a specific event, sale, or promotion, but is generally not recommended when using Intelligent Timing. For more information, refer to Considerations . Quiet hours act as a no-send window. Intelligent Timing still determines each user’s optimal send time, but if that time falls within quiet hours, Braze delays the message until the next available time outside the quiet hours period. To configure quiet hours: When configuring Intelligent Timing, select Enable Quiet Hours . Enter the start and end time of the quiet hours window. Step 4: Choose a fallback time Choose a fallback time to use if a user’s profile doesn’t have any relevant events to calculate an optimal delivery time. You can choose one of the following options: Most popular: This is the most popular time your app is used among all users. Custom: This is a custom fallback of your choice. The message will be delivered based on each individual user’s local time zone. most popular custom The most popular app time is determined by the average session start time for your workspace (in local time). This time is displayed in red on the preview chart. In the unlikely event that your app doesn’t have enough session data to calculate when the app is most used (a completely new app with no data), the message will send at 5 pm in the user’s local time zone. If the user’s local time is unknown, it will send at 5 pm in your company time zone. It’s important to be aware of the limitations of using Intelligent Timing early in a user’s lifecycle when limited data is available. It can still be valuable, as even users with few recorded sessions can offer insights into their behavior. However, Braze can more effectively calculate the optimal send time later in a user’s lifecycle. Use the custom fallback time to choose a different time to send the message. Similar to the most popular app time, the message will send at the fallback time in the user’s local time zone. If the user’s local time zone is unknown, it will send in your company time zone. For campaigns with a custom fallback time specified, if you launch the campaign within 24 hours of the send date, users whose optimal times have already passed will receive the campaign at the custom fallback time. If the custom fallback time has already passed in their time zone, the message will send immediately. Step 5: Preview delivery times To see an estimate of how many users receive the message in each hour of the day, use the preview chart: Add segments or filters in the Target Audiences step. In the section Preview Delivery Times for (which appears in both the Target Audiences and Schedule Delivery steps), select your channel. Select Refresh Data . The preview chart shows each hour of the day using your local time. The labels aren’t set to one global time zone. Whenever you change any settings about Intelligent Timing or your campaign audience, refresh the data again to view an updated chart. The chart shows users who had relevant events to calculate an optimal time in blue and users who will use the fallback time in red. Use the calculation filters to adjust the preview view for a more granular look at either user group. Step 1: Add Intelligent Timing In your Canvas, add a Message step , then go to Delivery Settings and select Using Intelligent Timing . Messages will be sent to users who entered the step that day at their optimal local time. However, if their optimal time has already passed that day, it’ll be delivered at the optimal time during the following day instead. Message steps that target multiple channels may send or attempt to send messages at different times for different channels. When the first message in a Message step attempts to send, all users are auto-advanced. Step 2: Choose a fallback time Choose a fallback time for the message to send to users in your audience who don’t have any relevant engagement data for Braze to calculate an optimal send time. You can choose one of the following options: Most popular: This is the most popular time your app is used among all users. Custom: This is a custom fallback of your choice. The message will be delivered based on each individual user’s local time zone. most popular custom The most popular app time is determined by the average session start time for your workspace (in local time). This time is displayed in red on the preview chart. In the unlikely event that your app doesn’t have enough session data to calculate when the app is most used (a completely new app with no data), the message will send at 5 pm in the user’s local time zone. If the user’s local time is unknown, it will send at 5 pm in your company time zone. It’s important to be aware of the limitations of using Intelligent Timing early in a user’s lifecycle when limited data is available. It can still be valuable, as even users with few recorded sessions can offer insights into their behavior. However, Braze can more effectively calculate the optimal send time later in a user’s lifecycle. Use the custom fallback time to choose a different time to send the message. Similar to the most popular app time, the message will send at the fallback time in the user’s local time zone. If the user’s local time zone is unknown, it will send in your company time zone. For campaigns with a custom fallback time specified, if you launch the campaign within 24 hours of the send date, users whose optimal times have already passed will receive the campaign at the custom fallback time. If the custom fallback time has already passed in their time zone, the message will send immediately. Step 4: Add a Delay step Unlike with campaigns, you don’t need to launch your Canvas 48 hours before the send date because Intelligent Timing is set on the step level, not the Canvas level. Instead, add a Delay step of at least two calendar days between the user entering the Canvas and when they receive the Intelligent Timing step. Calendar vs. 24-hour days When using Intelligent Timing after a Delay step, the delivery date may vary depending on how you calculate your delay. This only applies when your delay is set to After a duration , as there is a difference between how “days” and “calendar days” are calculated. Days: 1 day is 24 hours, calculated from the time the user enters the Delay step. Calendar days: 1 day is the period from when the user enters the Delay step to midnight in their time zone. This means 1 calendar day could be as short as a few minutes. When using Intelligent Timing, we recommend using calendar days for delays rather than 24-hour days. This is because with calendar days, the message will be sent on the last day of the delay, at the optimal time. With a 24-hour day, there’s a chance the user’s optimal time is before they enter the step, which means an extra day will be added to their delay. For example, say Luka’s optimal time is 2:00 pm. He enters the Delay step at 2:01 pm on March 1, and the delay is set to 2 days. Day 1 ends on March 2 at 2:01 pm Day 2 ends on March 3 at 2:01 pm However, Intelligent Timing is set to deliver at 2 pm, which has already passed. So Luka won’t receive the message until the following day: March 4 at 2:00 pm. Considerations In-app messages and webhooks are delivered immediately and not given optimal times. Intelligent Timing is not available for API-triggered campaigns. Intelligent Timing should not be used in the following scenarios: Rate limiting: If both rate limiting and Intelligent Timing are used, there is no guarantee about when the message will be delivered. Daily recurring campaigns with Intelligent Timing do not accurately support a total message send cap. IP warming campaigns: Some Intelligent Timing behaviors can cause difficulties in hitting daily volumes that are needed when you are first warming up your IP. This is because Intelligent Timing evaluates segments twice—once when the campaign or Canvas is first created, and again before sending to users to verify that they should still be in that segment. This can cause segments to shift and change, often leading to some users falling out of the segment on the second evaluation. These users don’t get replaced, impacting how close to the maximum user cap you can achieve. Troubleshooting Preview chart showing few users with optimal times If there aren’t any relevant events for a user (for example, new users with little to no engagement), Braze uses the configured fallback setting—either your custom fallback time or the most popular time to use the app among all users. Impact of time zone on Intelligent Timing delivery Intelligent Timing uses each user’s local time zone and calendar days to determine optimal delivery. Because of this, users in time zones ahead of or behind your campaign’s reference time zone may receive messages on a different calendar day than you might expect. For example, if a campaign is scheduled for March 15 and a user’s optimal time is calculated for that date, a user in a time zone ahead of the campaign’s reference point may receive the message late on March 14 in the reference time zone, while a user in a time zone behind the reference point may receive it on March 16. If users don’t receive messages as expected, check that the time zone field in their profile is populated correctly. If the time zone field is empty, the user may receive messages that align with the company’s time zone instead of their local time. Sending past the scheduled date Your Intelligent Timing campaign might send past the scheduled date if you use Optimize with BrazeAI™ . For a single-send campaign, Braze sends the best-performing variant to the remaining audience after the initial test, which increases the campaign duration. If you use Intelligent Timing, leave enough time for the A/B test to finish and schedule the optimized send for two days after the initial test. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) General What does Intelligent Timing predict? Intelligent Timing focuses on predicting when a user is most likely to open or click your messages to ensure your messages reach users at optimal engagement times. Is Intelligent Timing calculated separately for each day of the week? No, Intelligent Timing isn’t tied to specific days. Instead, it personalizes send times based on each user’s unique engagement patterns and the channel you’re using, such as email or push notifications. This ensures your messages reach users when they’re most receptive. Calculations What data is used to calculate the optimal time for each user? To calculate the optimal time, Intelligent Timing: Analyzes the interaction data for each user recorded by the Braze SDK. This includes: Session times Push direct opens Push influenced opens Email clicks Email opens (excluding machine opens) Groups these events by time, identifying the optimal send time for each user. Are Machine Opens included when calculating optimal time? No, Machine Opens are excluded from calculations for optimal time. This means that send times are based solely on genuine user engagement, providing more accurate timing for your campaigns. How precise is the optimal time? Intelligent Timing schedules messages during each user’s “most engaged hour” based on their session starts and message open events. Within that hour, the message timing is rounded to the nearest five minutes. For example, if a user’s optimal time is calculated as 4:58 PM, the message will be scheduled for 5:00 PM. There may be slight delays in delivery due to system activity during busy periods. What are the fallback calculations if there are no relevant events? If there are no relevant events for a user, Intelligent Timing uses the configured fallback setting in your message settings—either a custom fallback time or the most popular time to use the app among all users. Campaigns How far in advance should I launch an Intelligent Timing campaign to successfully deliver it to all users in all time zones? Braze calculates the optimal time at midnight in Samoa time, one of the first time zones in the world. In a single day, it spans approximately 48 hours. For example, someone whose optimal time is 12:01 am and lives in Australia has already had their optimal time pass, and it’s “too late” to send to them. For these reasons, you need to schedule 48 hours in advance to successfully deliver to everyone in the world who uses your app. Why is my Intelligent Timing campaign showing little to no sends? If there aren’t any relevant engagement events for a user (for example, new users with little to no clicks or opens), Intelligent Timing uses the configured fallback setting—either your custom fallback time or the most popular time to use the app among all users. Why is my Intelligent Timing campaign sending past the scheduled date? Your Intelligent Timing campaign might send past the scheduled date when Optimize with BrazeAI™ is on. For a single-send campaign, Braze sends the best-performing variant to the remaining audience after the A/B test ends, which increases the campaign duration. Leave enough time for the A/B test to finish and schedule the optimized send for two days after the initial test. Functionality When does Braze check the eligibility criteria for segment and audience filters? Braze performs two checks when a campaign is launched: Initial check: At midnight in the first timezone on the day of send. Scheduled time check: Just before sending at the time Intelligent Timing selected for the user. Be careful when filtering based on other campaign sends to avoid targeting ineligible segments. For example, if you were to send out two campaigns on the same day for different times, and add a filter that only allows users to receive the second campaign if they’ve received the first, users won’t receive the second campaign. This is because no one was eligible when the campaign was first created, and segments were formed. Can I use quiet hours in my Intelligent Timing campaign? Quiet hours can be used on a campaign that uses Intelligent Timing. The Intelligent Timing algorithm will avoid quiet hours so that it still sends the message to all eligible users. That said, we recommend turning quiet hours off unless there are policy, compliance, or other legal implications to when messages can and can’t be sent. What happens if the optimal time for a user is within the quiet hours? If the determined optimal time falls within quiet hours, Braze finds the nearest edge of the quiet hours and schedules the message for the next allowable hour before or after quiet hours. The message is enqueued to send at the closest boundary of quiet hours relative to the optimal time. Can I use Intelligent Timing and rate-limiting? Rate limiting can be used on a campaign that uses Intelligent Timing. However, the nature of rate limiting means that some users may receive their message at a less-than-optimal time, particularly if a large number of users relative to the rate limit size are scheduled at the fallback time because they have no relevant events. We recommend using rate limiting on an Intelligent Timing campaign only when there are technical requirements that must be met using rate limiting. Can I use Intelligent Timing while IP warming? Braze doesn’t recommend using Intelligent Timing when users are first IP warming, as some of its behaviors can cause difficulties hitting daily volumes. This is caused by Intelligent Timing evaluating campaign segments twice. Once when the campaign is first built, and a second time before sending to users to verify they should still be in that segment. This can cause segments to shift and change, often leading to some users falling out of the segment on the second evaluation. These users don’t get replaced, impacting how close to the maximum user cap you can achieve. How is the most popular app time determined? The most popular app time is determined by the average session start time for the workspace (in local time). This metric can be found in the dashboard when previewing times for a campaign, shown in red. Does Intelligent Timing account for machine opens? Yes, machine opens are filtered out by Intelligent Timing, so they do not influence its output. How can I make sure Intelligent Timing works as well as possible? Intelligent Timing uses each user’s individual history of message engagement at whatever times they received messages. Before using Intelligent Timing, make sure that you have sent users messages at different times of the day. That way, you can “sample” when might be the best time for each user. Inadequately sampling different times of day may result in Intelligent Timing picking a suboptimal time of send for a user. How do I enable Intelligent Timing on a Canvas step? In Canvas, add or open a Message step , go to Delivery Settings , and select Using Intelligent Timing . Per Canvas setup guidance in this article, include a Delay step of at least two calendar days between Canvas entry and that message so Intelligent Timing has suitable engagement history to evaluate. Documentation for the Braze customer engagement platform. Resources Braze Learning Community Certification Alloys Legal Innovation Statement Data Retention Data Protection Compliance Documentation Company About Careers Blog Contact © 2026 Braze, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Cookie Settings Checking Braze status New Stuff! Back to top 