открылась
 5 Ways Yum! Brands Is Optimizing Customer Experiences on a Global Scale Why Braze? Product Back The Braze Platform All your data, channels, and orchestration needs in one place View the platform Pricing BrazeAI™ UPDATE Automate, learn, and personalize with AI Braze Data Platform Unify, activate, and distribute your data Cross-Channel Send all your messages from one place FEATURED CAPABILITIES BrazeAI Decisioning Studio™ UPDATE Deliver 1:1 personalization, at scale Journey Orchestration Create multi-step, cross-channel experiences BrazeAI™ Agents UPDATE Scale smarter engagement with always-on AI agents Reporting & Analytics Analyze performance & uncover insights Creative Studio Simplify creative workflows FEATURED CHANNELS Email Mobile App Messaging Web Messaging SMS/RCS WhatsApp View all channels How It Works Get a breakdown of our vertically- integrated technology Learn More Solutions Back Industries Retail & eCommerce Financial Services Travel & Hospitality Media & Entertainment Sports Gaming On Demand QSR Use Cases Optimize Onboarding Boost Productivity Improve Acquisitions Reduce Churn Increase Engagement Braze For Startups 2026 Global Customer Engagement Review For our sixth Global CER, we surveyed over 2,200 marketing leaders and analyzed upwards of 6 billion data points spanning more than 750 brands Partners Back Braze Alloys Explore and Connect with our trusted Technology or Delivery Partners Become a Partner Explore the different types of partnerships available and help lead the charge for best-in-class customer experiences Find a Partner Supercharge the power of Braze with pre-built partner solutions designed to accelerate success Resources Back Learn Resources Hub Case Studies Blog Reports & Guides Videos Webinars & Events User Documentation Grow Bonfire Customer Community Braze Learning Customer Champion Certification Glossary Support Support Overview Professional Services Customer Success Company Back About Us Learn how Braze became the leading customer engagement platform Investor Relations Get the latest news, numbers, and financial results Careers Discover job openings & why people love working at Braze ESG Explore our Environmental, Social, and Corporate Governance data News Find out about the latest happenings at Braze Legal Get information on our legal terms, policies, compliance, and more Looking for something else? Contact Us English Français 日本語 한국어 Português BR Español Log In Get Started Get Started Open main menu Resources / Blog / 5 Ways Yum! Brands I... 5 Ways Yum! Brands Is Optimizing Customer Experiences on a Global Scale Published on February 22, 2023 / Last edited on February 22, 2023 / 4 min read AUTHOR Team Braze From KFC to Pizza Hut , Yum! Brands is working cross-brand, cross-market, and cross-functionally to deliver best-in-class customer experiences at scale in 155 countries and territories. That’s no easy feat, and it takes thoughtful coordination. That’s something Ashley Travis, KFC Head of Global Product Capabilities at Yum! Brands, and her team have led the charge on. At FORGE 2022 , the Braze annual customer engagement conference, we had the chance to connect with Ashley to learn more about the steps her organization is taking to ensure teams work together more effectively. Here’s what she shared with us. #1. Sharing learnings cross-brand Facilitated by Braze, global leaders from Taco Bell, Pizza Hut, and KFC convened a Yum!-it—that is, a summit to share best practices with one another. “That was huge for us, and it helped us realize, ‘Hey, we need to do this more often,’” Ashley said. “We’re starting to create more forums to share best practices and learn from one another because we’re all in such different stages of maturity; KFC being newer in the digital space, but Pizza Hut has had delivery and CRM and online ordering for years, and Taco Bell is doing really great things with loyalty that we can learn from.” It takes time to share learnings, but it’s worth it, Ashley explained. “It allows you to learn and advance more quickly.” #2. Facilitating community across markets With a global presence in 155 countries and territories, Ashley said her team’s job is to foster a sense of community across the world. Her team regularly convenes: Monthly forums for representatives from every country to join together to share best practices, learnings, and capabilities An annual marketing planning meeting where teams from every country share their plans and insights on what’s worked well These ongoing meetups allow the organization to “do a lot more than each individual market could do on their own,” she explained. #3. Putting a cross-functional strategy in place A focus area for Ashley’s team is figuring out how critical groups—including digital, marketing, operations, and store development—can work together to improve the customer experience across every single touchpoint. Since Yum! Brands has a presence in so many countries, they’ve found success by piloting initiatives in one or two markets before rolling them out to the wider company. Currently, a couple of markets are piloting different ways of working together using agile marketing methodology to see if that helps these different parts of the organization collaborate more effectively in a cross-functional way. #4. Creating a global center of excellence Yum! Brands has created a global center of excellence that has established four key priorities for launching marketing initiatives: Acquiring best practices and learnings from every brand, every market, and the industry at large Adopting those best practices by piloting new initiatives in test markets then driving further adoption within other markets and franchises Adapting strategies as needed in ways that make sense at the brand and market level Accelerating efforts to drive results Because 98% of the Yum! Brands is made up of franchises, the marketing team can’t simply mandate that markets adopt a best practice—they have to influence this decision making, which can be hard, Ashley explained. That’s why they follow the 80-20 rule, with a goal of having 80% of efforts standardized to facilitate learning and scalability, while leaving room for 20% flexibility for markets to ensure relevance at the country level. #5. Including team members in the process Ashley recommended taking the time to understand brands’, markets’, and teams’ biggest challenges, what their needs are, and how you can help them achieve their goals and using these insights to build processes to ensure buy-in at every level. This way, everyone feels heard and that these processes have been designed to help them, not become yet another thing they’re required to do, Ashley explained. Find out how enterprise organizations like Yum! Brands are leveraging Braze to deliver personalization and improve the customer experience. Get our guide Under the Hood: Delivering Personalized Messages for Every User at Scale to learn more. Related Tags Global Customer Engagement SUBSCRIBE Be Absolutely Engaging. ™ Sign up for regular updates from Braze. Please select one option only and then submit your preference. Please enter your business email address. Loading... Related Content View the Blog Article 16 min read Congratulations to the Forge 2026 Torchie Awards winners September 29, 2026 Article 6 min read Bring 1:1 decisioning to every marketing journey with BrazeAI Decisioning Studio™ Go September 28, 2026 Article 12 min read Made for this: How Braze is providing new ways to build, support, and extend your campaigns September 28, 2026 It's time to be a better marketer Get Started See How Braze Works Braze. Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Overview Why Braze Braze Platform Overview How Braze Works Pricing Product Braze Data Platform BrazeAI™ BrazeAI Decisioning Studio™ BrazeAI™ Agents Cross-Channel Messaging Journey Orchestration Reporting Creative Studio Email Mobile App Messaging Web Messaging SMS/RCS WhatsApp Media Audience Sync LINE KakaoTalk Solutions Retail & eCommerce Financial Services Travel & Hospitality Media & Entertainment Gaming On Demand QSR Optimize Onboarding Boost Productivity Improve Acquisition Reduce Churn Increase Engagement Braze for Engineering Company About Us Careers News Investor Relations ESG Legal Contact Us & Locations Resources Case Studies Blog Reports & Guides Videos Webinars & Events Learning Documentation Documentation Home User Guide Developer Guide Partners Braze Alloys Partner Portal Partner Directory Featured Reports 2026 Global Engagement Review Support Support Overview Customer Services Customer Success Helpful Links Login System Status Technical Support © 2026 Braze All Rights Reserved Cookies Privacy Policy Preference Center Sitemap 