открылась
 Engaging Readers with Scribd and Iterable + Mailgun | Mailgun Search Sinch Email Mailjet Email on Acid About Company Partners Careers Blog Help Contact Support Help Center Documentation SDKs Status Security Portal English English Français Deutsch Español Portuguese Pricing Products Back to main menu Send Email API & SMTP services to send, receive, and track emails Optimize Tools and services to improve your email deliverability Validate Clean your email list via API or bulk list upload Inspect Preview and test your emails before campaigns launch Solutions Back to main menu By Industry Martech Fintech Healthcare By use case Transactional Email Platform Email Deliverability Services Email Reputation Services Blocklist Monitoring Services Email Testing Services By feature Send Email API SMTP Relay Email Validation API Email List Validation Email Template Builder Email Inbox Placement Enterprise: Send high-volume emails through the most reliable email API provider. Read more Resources Back to main menu Learn Blog Guides Research reports Case Studies Integrations Podcasts Videos Deliverability Academy State of email deliverability Documentation: API resources to help you use Mailgun Read more Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailgun platform. Read more Email Impact Report Read more Sinch Email Back to main menu Mailgun Email on Acid About Back to main menu Careers Company Blog Help Back to main menu Contact Support Help Center Documentation SDKs Status Security Portal English Back to main menu English Français Deutsch Español Portuguese Log in Start for free Contact sales Log in Start for free Contact sales Home Resources Case Studies Scribd partners with Iterable + Mailgun to engage readers around the globe Case studies Scribd partners with Iterable + Mailgun to engage readers around the globe In 2007, Scribd launched the world’s first open publishing platform. Share to Share on LinkedIn Share on Facebook Share on X Table of contents Wanted: the right tech plus a trust-based partnership Collaborating with Iterable and Sinch Mailgun Taking the pain out of the switch How Iterable + Mailgun help Scribd build stronger lifecycle programs An unexpected bonus: A platform that sparks joy In 2007, Scribd launched the world’s first open publishing platform. Today, with over 100 million unique monthly visitors, a digital library of more than 1 million titles, and readers around the globe, Scribd is living its mission to “change the way the world reads.” Scribd monthly subscribers gain unlimited access to books, audiobooks, magazines, news and more, on the web or through Scribd’s mobile app (available on the App Store and Google Play). Since the beginning, email has been an integral channel for Scribd for everything from acquisition and engagement to lifecycle management and communications. Under Andrew Harner, Scribd’s Lead Manager for Email, email has grown its acquisition share at Scribd ten-fold. In addition, testing across Scribd’s acquisition suite has driven a 10% increase in click rate through optimizing mobile email templates and a 300% increase in click rate from a redesign of Scribd’s welcome email, which combined have resulted in a 30% increase in month-over-month signups across Scribd’s new user acquisition flow. As Scribd’s product, subscriber base, and global presence grew, the marketing team outgrew its legacy martech stack. In order to efficiently manage messaging volume and leverage user data to power more personalized messaging, the Scribd team modernized its tech stack with Iterable and Sinch Mailgun. Wanted: the right tech plus a trust-based partnership Scribd relies on its tech stack to help tackle challenges common to subscriber-based services: increasing paid subscribers, boosting user engagement (ex. daily sessions and monthly active users), and influencing long-term user retention. But neither its in-house messaging platform nor its previous cloud services provider were robust enough to handle its ever-increasing database. “We wanted to partner with a company where we could build a relationship founded on trust,” Andrew says. This is a quality that can be hard to define in the typical request for proposal (RFP). But then Andrew walked into an Iterable vendor conference in 2019. Collaborating with Iterable and Sinch Mailgun The Iterable and Mailgun partnership with Scribd began at Activate 2019 , where he witnessed the companies’ values of humility and honesty in action. “We wanted to invest in developing a high velocity of lifecycle testing to build a robust lifecycle program for Scribd,” he says. Sinch Mailgun’s long-standing reputation for consistently reliable email delivery and Iterable’s cross-channel automation capabilities, such as those that simplified testing and gave the marketing autonomy and control over the process, helped move the deal forward, Andrew says. Following the conference, the Scribd team put both platforms through a rigorous and fast-paced implementation. That meant working with the Mailgun and Iterable team to warm up 11 IP addresses and scaling up transactional, triggered lifecycle, and batch marketing sends to about 1 million a day. Even in the early stages of implementation, “we saw massive improvements out of the gate,” Andrew says. Taking the pain out of the switch With the wrong technology partners, migrating to a new platform can lead to one headache after another. With Iterable and Mailgun, the process was so painless that Andrew took a two week vacation mid-transition. “The main warm-up went really well,” he says. “It was absolutely painless. We were onboarded seamlessly, equipped with a playbook and guidelines around best practices, including how many emails to send on which day, when to start activating additional IP addresses and how to spread those sends out. Iterable and Mailgun’s partnership and close collaboration ensured we were set up for success.” But cooperation is a two-way street, and Scribd was on board with the process, which moved more than 80 transactional and marketing email workflows over 10 weeks and targeted only actively engaged users at first. “We didn’t have any issues with ramping up with Mailgun and Iterable,” Andrew says. ” In fact, we immediately saw improved attribution because of how Iterable applies link tagging to dynamic links, which helped us understand the full impact of the email program.” Today, Scribd teams with Iterable and Sinch Mailgun to send over a million marketing and transactional emails daily along with another 10 to 20 million broadcast messages per month across its active user base. How Iterable + Mailgun help Scribd build stronger lifecycle programs Like most subscription-based brands, tackling churn is a top priority. Scribd built several new lifecycle programs in Iterable that target critical points in its user lifecycle, all of which help the company reduce churn, convert more trial users to paid subscribers and increase the engaged user base, including: An acquisition program that upsells current customers to expand their subscriptions Workflows targeting canceled and inactive users An onboarding program that aims to engage trial users quickly – within a day to a week after signing up – to increase frequency and session durations and to reduce inactivity and attrition. As part of the onboarding program development, the company used Iterable’s localization function to quickly set up live onboarding workflows in English, Spanish and Portuguese for users in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Great Britain, Australia and several other key markets. “We were able to develop and push 14 of these onboarding touchpoints live with translations and market-specific content in a span of just three weeks,” Andrew says. Scribd rapidly advanced their lifecycle programs and Iterable’s platform allowed the team to be agile and iterate with ease, and Mailgun’s burst scaling ability provided the stability needed to deploy emails without having to worry about email volume. An unexpected bonus: A platform that sparks joy “The people we work with at Iterable are human, they care, and they’re invested in our success. Iterable is aware of our needs, cares about our results, and develops programs that meet our specific needs. The dependability of the platform has always been a major factor. Many of the emails we send are part of our legal compliance–we have an internal SLA around delivery times for key transactional emails like receipts and password receipts. Having that confidence in our transactional sends helps me sleep at night. Iterable’s tooling is accessible enough and intuitive enough that, in the words of my lifecycle marketing manager, ‘it brought the joy back to our work. Yes, it sparks joy.’” Download the full case study “We’re able to ensure a better service for our marketers by using Mailgun. They count on us, and we count on Mailgun: and this relationship helps us maintain credibility with our customers.” Paulius Milisauskas VP of Customer Operations Keep me posted! Get great resources in your inbox every week. Please complete this required field. I have read and agree to the Terms of Service. * I have read and agree to the Privacy Policy. * Send me the Mailjet Newsletter. I expressly agree to receive the newsletter and know that I can easily unsubscribe at any time. Check your inbox monthly for your Mailjet Newsletter! Related case studies How Omnisend scaled to 2.5 billion emails a month with Sinch Mailgun How Airguru turned two emails a day into $247 for every $1 spent Email deliverability issues were costing customers. ActivePipe and Sinch Mailgun changed that Case Studies Transactional Email API Service For Developers Start for free Subscribe to the Mailgun newsletter Please complete this required field. I have read and agree to the Terms of Service. * I have read and agree to the Privacy Policy. * Send me the Mailgun newsletter. I expressly agree to receive the newsletter and know that I can easily unsubscribe at any time. Check your inbox monthly for your Mailgun Newsletter! Follow us Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on X Follow us on Facebook Trusted & certified Badge ISO Badge CSA Badge GDPR Platform Send Optimize Validate Inspect Enterprise Consulting SAML Authentication Release Notes Resources Customer Stories Integrations Help Center API Documentation Service Status Send Feedback Become a Partner State of Email Deliverability Blog Sitemap Company About Us Careers AI info Mailjet Email on Acid Sinch Contact Sales Try for Free Copyright © 2026 Mailgun All Rights Reserved. Report Spam Cookie Notice GDPR Compliance Acceptable Use Policy Terms of Service Privacy Policy DPA 