открылась
 AZADEA Group Boosts Weekly New Customers 300% Platform Agentic Customer Engagement Platform Data & Analytics Warehouse-native Activate data from your Warehouse Segments Discover the right audience Analytics & Insights Analyze your data and uncover insights Merlin AI Agents Native Agents Agents for copy, creative, code and more Custom Agents Build long-horizon workflow agents AI Decisioning Offer Decisioning Personalized offers on surfaces Campaign Decisioning 1:1 agents for messaging Engagement Cross-Channel Marketing 16+ channels in one platform Web & App Personalization Web and app experiences in real time Real-Time Transactional Alerts Triggered messages at the right moment App Marketplace 300+ integrations – connect to your existing stack Scale & Security 99.99% uptime. 6 data centres. Enterprise-grade. Migrate to MoEngage AI-assisted migration. 350+ brands have switched. Channels Email Push Notification SMS WhatsApp RCS Paid Media In-App Messaging On-Site Messaging Content Cards Custom Connectors App Marketplace 300+ integrations – connect to your existing stack Scale & Security 99.99% uptime. 6 data centres. Enterprise-grade. Migrate to MoEngage AI-assisted migration. 350+ brands have switched. Solutions Industry financial services Guaranteed trust and security food & beverage Serve personalized experiences media & entertainment Content that connects travel & hospitality Effortless travel and hospitality experiences retail & e-commerce Engage customers, win loyalty moengage for shopify Personalized engagement for maximum revenue Role For Marketers For Product Owners For Developers Resources Learn Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Reports E-books Webinars and Events What's New Use Cases See All Resources Connect #GROWTH Events MoEngage Academy Agentic Marketing Tour 2026 Support Product Demos User Guide Developer Hub API Guide Partner Guide MoEngage Acquires Aampe MoEngage Named a Leader in the 2026 IDC MarketScape for AI-enabled CDPs for B2C Users Gartner™ Peer Insights Voice of Customer: Email Marketing Report 2026 The State of AI in Customer Engagement Customer Engagement Learning Hub What's New Partners Partners Partner ecosystem Empower growth with leading partners Technology partners Team up with the best in marketing tech Solution partners Accelerate success with expert solutions Integration App Marketplace Integration Docs Pricing Company Company About Us Explore the MoEngage story Press Center Grab the latest buzz here Careers Join our team, make an impact Contact Us We'd love to hear from you Mo-Baarah! #12YearsOfMoEngage MoEngage's 12th Anniversary Celebration | IND Team Celebrating a decade of milestones – more innovation, collaboration, and elevated customer engagement. Login Request Demo Demo Request Demo Login Demo --> --> ENGAGEMENT | RETAIL & E-COMMERCE AZADEA Group Grows 300% Weekly New Customers after Adapting an Omnichannel Approach Download PDF --> 45% Increase in Sales Contribution 50% CVR Uplift from Abandoned Cart Flow 300% Growth in Weekly Database Acquisition 27 Points Improvement in NPS --> ABOUT AZADEA GROUP AZADEA Group is one of the popular premium retail brands o ering premium lifestyle products to millions of customers. The Group started as a simple clothing brand back in 1978 in Beirut but now owns more than 600 stores across UAE, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Jordan, Egypt, Kenya, and more. The Group also launched its E-commerce arm Azadea.com (website and app) to cater to its customers across online channels. Its mission has always been to provide better and exciting fashion, beauty, home furnishing, and food options. The Group o ers national and international brands known for quality, comfort, and trends Absence of a Unified Customer Data With a mission to provide the best customer experience, AZADEA Group’s path to customer engagement was evident. However, being an established brand that runs across different countries, it was difficult to understand every customer. The Group realized the need for unified customer data that provides e cacious customer insights. The teams’ strategy was to integrate all the customer data under a single platform and get a 360° view of their customers. The team also considered utilizing the same platform to execute their engagement strategy. We wanted to ensure our communication was personalized on a customer action level and to do this efficiently. We needed to integrate with other tools. MoEngage engagement platform made the whole process easier with ease in multiple tool integration, allowing us to engage our customers at various stages of the purchase journey. Abhishek Tiwari Manager CRM We are a unique brand that uses a single platform to send communication across all channels/platforms. That’s one of the USPs of MoEngage platform as well. Shaheer Usmani Head of E-commerce Marketing Centralized Data Platform AZADEA Group aimed to understand their customers competently and use the understanding to elevate the whole experience. Their overall engagement and experience strategy was smooth flowing, but that flavor of hyper-personalization was still missing. The whole process of executing this strategy was multi-fold and required integrating customer data and multiple tools. AZADEA’s team focused on performing all the data analysis and campaigns from one platform, i.e., MoEngage, while integrating other related tools. The approach was to ensure every aspect of the customer, including communication, is stored under one platform to negate multiple data creations. The process also helped build a more insights-led engagement strategy, making it more customer-centric than campaign-centric. Create a Customer Data Warehouse The first aspect of the 360° view approach and the most crucial one was integrating offine and online data on the MoEngage platform. With the help of their IT team, the Group's marketing team moved all their data from other tools, websites (Group’s and partnered stores’ websites) on the MoEngage platform. With this move, the Group’s marketing team was optimistic that they would understand their customers better and use the collective insights to enhance engagement and experience. Products Used Connectors Connect with customers and drive rich experiences across all channels. MoEngage Analytics Create omnichannel, personalized experiences using AI-powered analytics . Omnichannel Flows Create connected experiences at every stage of customer journey across channels using Omnichannel Flows . The Result Azadea Group wanted to understand their customers and use those insights to improve experience. Since their overall engagement strategy was good but low on hyper-personalization, they used MoEngage Analytics to analyze, segment, and send unique communication. • 45% increase in sales contribution • 300% growth in weekly database acquisition • 50% CVR uplift from abandoned cart flow • 27 points improvement in NPS To engage customers across channels throughout their journey, the team used a multi-channel approach. This involved integrating SMS and WhatsApp as online transaction channels and running campaigns based on customer actions. MoEngage’s Flow auto-triggered communication whenever an action was taken. The Azadea team also wanted to keep their NPS rating healthy. So they used the Typeform integration within the MoEngage platform to create surveys and trigger them based on specific customer actions through different channels. These surveys helped inform the Azadea team of their customers’ pulse. Using MoEngage, Policybazaar: Clocked 100% yoy increase in APE via push Disseminated 18-19 Flows to improve customer experience using drip campaigns in a more integrated manner across multiple channels --> Read More Case Studies From Middle East and Africa Banking & Finance ZenBusiness partners with Aampe to power one-to-one personalization for entrepreneurs with Agentic AI QSR Joe Coffee partners with Aampe to bring barista-level personalization to independent coffee at scale Retail & E-commerce Carousell partners with Aampe to power Adaptive, Agentic Personalization Travel & Hospitality TheCut deepens partnership with Aampe to reimagine Barber-Client engagement at scale DATA & ANALYTICS Warehouse Native Customer Segments Analytics & Insights MERLIN AI AGENTS Native Agents Custom Agents AI DECISIONING Offer Decisioning Campaign Decisioning ENGAGEMENT Cross-Channel Marketing Web & App Personalization Real-Time Transactional Alerts COMPARE MoEngage vs. Adobe MoEngage vs. Airship MoEngage vs. Braze MoEngage vs. Oracle MoEngage vs. Salesforce LEARN Customer Stories Blog Webinars & Events Reports Knowledge Base See all Resources → SUPPORT Product Demos User Guide Developer Guide API Guide Partner Guide Use Cases CONNECT #GROWTH Events MoEngage Academy About MoEngage MoEngage is the agentic customer engagement platform trusted by 1,350+ global brands like McAfee, Flipkart, Domino’s, Nestle, Deutsche Telekom, and more. MoEngage’s powerful analytics, personalization, and AI capabilities give a 360-degree view of your customers and help you create journeys across digital channels. © Copyright 2026 MoEngage. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use I Privacy Policy I Cookie Policy I Responsible Disclosure I Legal & Privacy I Please wait while you are redirected to the right page... 