открылась
 Migrating to Braze: Switch Platforms in 6 Weeks | Braze Why Braze? Product Back The Braze Platform All your data, channels, and orchestration needs in one place View the platform Pricing BrazeAI™ UPDATE Automate, learn, and personalize with AI Braze Data Platform Unify, activate, and distribute your data Cross-Channel Send all your messages from one place FEATURED CAPABILITIES BrazeAI Decisioning Studio™ UPDATE Deliver 1:1 personalization, at scale Journey Orchestration Create multi-step, cross-channel experiences BrazeAI™ Agents UPDATE Scale smarter engagement with always-on AI agents Reporting & Analytics Analyze performance & uncover insights Creative Studio Simplify creative workflows FEATURED CHANNELS Email Mobile App Messaging Web Messaging SMS/RCS WhatsApp View all channels How It Works Get a breakdown of our vertically- integrated technology Learn More Solutions Back Industries Retail & eCommerce Financial Services Travel & Hospitality Media & Entertainment Sports Gaming On Demand QSR Use Cases Optimize Onboarding Boost Productivity Improve Acquisitions Reduce Churn Increase Engagement Braze For Startups 2026 Global Customer Engagement Review For our sixth Global CER, we surveyed over 2,200 marketing leaders and analyzed upwards of 6 billion data points spanning more than 750 brands Partners Back Braze Alloys Explore and Connect with our trusted Technology or Delivery Partners Become a Partner Explore the different types of partnerships available and help lead the charge for best-in-class customer experiences Find a Partner Supercharge the power of Braze with pre-built partner solutions designed to accelerate success Resources Back Learn Resources Hub Case Studies Blog Reports & Guides Videos Webinars & Events User Documentation Grow Bonfire Customer Community Braze Learning Customer Champion Certification Glossary Support Support Overview Professional Services Customer Success Company Back About Us Learn how Braze became the leading customer engagement platform Investor Relations Get the latest news, numbers, and financial results Careers Discover job openings & why people love working at Braze ESG Explore our Environmental, Social, and Corporate Governance data News Find out about the latest happenings at Braze Legal Get information on our legal terms, policies, compliance, and more Looking for something else? Contact Us English Français 日本語 한국어 Português BR Español Log In Get Started Get Started Open main menu Resources / Blog / Migrating to Braze: ... Migrating to Braze: How to transition effortlessly with Braze Onboarding Published on April 24, 2026 / Last edited on May 05, 2026 / 4 min read AUTHOR Sylvia Wampler Associate Product Marketing Manager, Braze Contents What to Expect from Braze Onboarding Services What does migrating with PLO look like? Meet Massive Rocket Meet The Experts How to get started with your Braze migration In today’s competitive digital landscape, marketers are under pressure to deliver results faster, more effectively, and at a lower cost. This is especially true when it comes to migrating from one platform to another, which often involves hidden costs and long lead times. In fact, brands are spending more money and time than intended for migrations with only 36% of data migration projects keeping to the forecasted budget and 46% of data migrations being delivered on time. 36% of data migration projects keeping to the forecasted budget 46% of data migrations being delivered on time. *According to Forbes Braze simplifies this process. Unlike legacy cloud providers that can require 6+ months to reach the stage where all data is set up and ready for an email program, with Braze you can send out your first campaign in as little as six weeks. Our robust data structures, flexible APIs, and built-in professional support make the transition smooth. Check out how the Braze Onboarding Team helped Central Retail migrate seven business units to Braze in just under two months. What to Expect from Braze Onboarding Services Braze offers onboarding services through our in-house Onboarding Team or Partner Led Onboarding (PLO) delivered by Certified Partners in our Braze Alloys Partner Network . Our onboarding process is designed to deliver rapid results. By aligning closely with customer business goals and providing expert guidance, the offering is customized to design and execute modern engagement campaigns efficiently. The process of onboarding with Braze is thoughtfully crafted to help you migrate to Braze, often in ~6 weeks during discovery: Discovery This stage involves a comprehensive understanding of the delivery scope for the onboarding phase. It’s essential to align all stakeholders on a common goal and lay out a clear path ahead. Planning Next, the Onboarding team delivers a series of onboarding workshops tailored to your brand. These workshops are designed to provide the guidance needed to identify your key value campaigns and milestones for launch and plan delivery to meet your CRM and technical scope requirements. Execution At the execution stage, the groundwork laid in planning is translated into tangible actions. Establish a data architecture that will allow your business to execute on campaign and reporting requirements and complete your technical integration. Then, take the exciting steps of beginning to build and launch your first campaigns. What does migrating with PLO look like? Meet Massive Rocket With +100 Braze implementations under their belt, Massive Rocket , a Global Data and CRM Consultancy with teams in the AMER, EMEA, and APAC regions, has become a trusted Braze delivery partner . Massive Rocket helps businesses rapidly migrate from legacy marketing clouds onto Braze and sets up teams for success through Braze Partner Led Onboarding (PLO) program. "The choice of an engagement platform holds immense potential to unlock business outcomes, foster loyalty, retain customers, and drive unparalleled business growth. With Braze, we consistently get our customers to value, even the most complex ones" , emphasizes Julien Pelc, General Manager at Massive Rocket. To become a PLO partner, marketing service organizations like Massive Rocket undergo rigorous validation, including comprehensive courses and certifications that provide graduates with a validated Onboarding Consultant (OC) or Technical Architect (TA) badge. Once badged as Braze OCs and TAs, these partners are adept at expediting value for our customers. One of the advantages of leveraging our Certified Partner Network is the extended range of managed services that Delivery Partners can provide. Beyond basic onboarding, partners such as Massive Rocket offer enhanced services like campaign migration, CRM strategy, hands-on-keyboard support, data engineering, and technical integration services. This layered approach provides customers with a seamless, one-stop-shop experience, pooling all required services under a single partner team. The exact catalog of managed services does vary from one PLO partner to another, however, reviewing offerings from partners like Massive Rocket can provide a useful framework for what to expect. Learn more about what Papa Johns was able to accomplish after migrating to Braze with help from Massive Rocket. Meet The Experts Whether onboarding with Braze through Partner Led Onboarding or Braze Onboarding, you have an army of experts guiding you through the process. Your onboarding team Customer onboarding Onboarding owner to lead efficient implementation Solutions architecture Technical expert at supporting integration and advanced use cases You ongoing Braze team Customer Success Success owner at Braze and primary contact for overall adoption and enablement Account Management Contractual and commercial owner Technical Support & Engineers Available for technical support resolution and help issues How to get started with your Braze migration By choosing Braze, you're not just switching systems; you're unlocking your marketing potential, reducing technical debt, and embracing a solution that understands the needs of today's marketers for speed, ease, and value. When migrating, consider starting with a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) approach—migrate the essentials first to get up and running quickly. From there, you can transform your marketing strategy beyond a simple lift-and-shift. In our experience, many migration projects serve as a crucial stepping stone toward a more transformative, innovative marketing approach. Ready to get started? Connect with sales Related Tags Braze Alloys SUBSCRIBE Be Absolutely Engaging. ™ Sign up for regular updates from Braze. Please select one option only and then submit your preference. Please enter your business email address. Loading... Related Content View the Blog Article 16 min read Congratulations to the Forge 2026 Torchie Awards winners September 29, 2026 Article 6 min read Bring 1:1 decisioning to every marketing journey with BrazeAI Decisioning Studio™ Go September 28, 2026 Article 12 min read Made for this: How Braze is providing new ways to build, support, and extend your campaigns September 28, 2026 It's time to be a better marketer Get Started See How Braze Works Braze. Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Overview Why Braze Braze Platform Overview How Braze Works Pricing Product Braze Data Platform BrazeAI™ BrazeAI Decisioning Studio™ BrazeAI™ Agents Cross-Channel Messaging Journey Orchestration Reporting Creative Studio Email Mobile App Messaging Web Messaging SMS/RCS WhatsApp Media Audience Sync LINE KakaoTalk Solutions Retail & eCommerce Financial Services Travel & Hospitality Media & Entertainment Gaming On Demand QSR Optimize Onboarding Boost Productivity Improve Acquisition Reduce Churn Increase Engagement Braze for Engineering Company About Us Careers News Investor Relations ESG Legal Contact Us & Locations Resources Case Studies Blog Reports & Guides Videos Webinars & Events Learning Documentation Documentation Home User Guide Developer Guide Partners Braze Alloys Partner Portal Partner Directory Featured Reports 2026 Global Engagement Review Support Support Overview Customer Services Customer Success Helpful Links Login System Status Technical Support © 2026 Braze All Rights Reserved Cookies Privacy Policy Preference Center Sitemap 