открылась
 Message Limits · Airship Docs platform-web tags Docs What's New Guides Developer Integrations Reference Book a Meeting Back to Main Menu On This Page Search / Book a Meeting Home / Guides / Messaging / Project Settings / Configuration / Message Limits … / Message Limits Message limits cap the number of messages you can send within a specified time frame, preventing you from over-messaging your users. Copy for LLM View as Markdown About message limits You set message limits at the project level, setting the maximum number of messages that can be sent within a period of time. When a member of your audience reaches a message limit, Airship suppresses any messages they would otherwise receive for the remainder of the time period. SMS message limits You can set limits for messages sent using Automations , Sequences A series of messages that is initiated by a trigger. Airship sends messages in the series based on your timing settings, and you can also set conditions that determine its audience and continuation. Sequences can be connected to each other and to other messaging components to create continuous user experiences in a Journey. , In-App Automation Messages cached on users’ devices and displayed when users meet certain conditions within your app, such as viewing a particular screen or opening the app a certain number of times. , and Scenes A mobile app or web experience of one or more screens displayed with fully native UI components in real time, providing immediate, contextual responses to user behaviors. Scenes can be presented in full-screen, modal, or embedded format using the default swipe/click mode or as a story. Scene content can also be displayed in a Message Center message and contain survey questions. . Limits set for Automation and Sequences apply to all channels and message types . And you can set message limits for individual channels : App — Limits apply to push notifications only Web SMS Email — Limits apply to commercial email only Combined limits: Message limits for In-App Automations and Scenes are combined. App and web Scene limits are not differentiated. If you set a limit of no more than one message in 24 hours, a user can receive a Scene triggered on both app and web channels: once in the app and once on the web within 24 hours. Message limits for Automation and Sequences are combined and apply at the named user A contact identified with an ID you provide, such as a customer ID from your CRM. Associating channels with that ID maps multiple devices and channels to one individual. Each named user has a unique named user ID. level, preventing you from over-messaging users, regardless of channel. If named user is not set, the limits will apply at the channel level. Each Automation and message in a Sequence counts toward your Sequences and Automation limits. So, with a limit of 2 messages per day, if a user triggers Automations for app, SMS, and email messages in the same day, that user would only receive 2 of the 3 automated messages. Message limits for channels overlap with your Sequences and Automation limits. For example, if you limit Mobile App Push Notification to 1 per day and Sequences and Automation to 2 messages per day, your users are still limited to 1 push notification per day, even in a Sequence. If you were to set up a Sequence with 2 push notifications in a day, your audience would not receive the second app message due to your Mobile App Push Notification message limit, and the Sequence would end prematurely. Exclusions: Message Center An app inbox where you can display rich messages. The messages support native content, HTML, video, and more. messages are not limited since they only appear within your app and are less obtrusive than other notification types — the user must actively open the messages in your app to experience them. Silent push notifications are also excluded from message limits since they are not viewed by users. Note Reaching a message limit does not result in exiting a Sequence. Important If you send a push notification with an in-app message using the Airship dashboard and a member of your audience has reached the Mobile App Push Notifications message limit, they will not receive either message. For the same scenario, but for a push notification with a Message Center message, the push notification will not be sent and the Message Center message will be sent. Sequence and Automation rule limits In addition to project-level message limits on the total number of Sequence and Automation messages your audience can receive within a time frame, you can also set daily or all-time rule limits for each Sequence and Automation. This can prevent over-messaging your audience. You can set rule limits when configuring automation triggers and in Settings for a Sequence. See: Rule Limits in Create an Automation Scheduling and frequency in Create a Sequence Note If a user reaches an Automation rule limit, they will not receive the message. If a user reaches a Sequence rule limit, they will not receive the message and will exit the Sequence. Overriding message limits You can override project-level message limits, ensuring that your audience will receive a message even if they’ve reached the message limit. You may want to override message limits for important messages like breaking news, account alerts, or location proximity-based messages. Overriding message limits does not override Sequence or Automation rule limits . Enable Ignore Channel Message Limits in these locations: Message, A/B Test, and Automation composers: In the Delivery step. In-App Automation and Scene composers: In the Settings step. Sequences: In the Trigger tab in Settings . Set message limits You can set up to 50 of each limit type. Next to your project name, select the dropdown menu ( ), then Settings . Under App settings , select Message Limits . Select Add for the item you want to limit, and enter the maximum number of messages that can be sent within a number of hours or days. In-App Automations and Scenes also have Second and Minute options. (Optional) Click Add another to set another limit for a different time frame. Select Add . Set limits for a category Note Adding a category to a message limit will affect only messages this category applies to. Multiple message limits are compared only when applied to the same category. Reaching a category limit does not result in exiting a Sequence. Next to your project name, select the dropdown menu ( ), then Settings . Under App settings , select Message Limits . Click Add or Edit for the item you want to limit. Click Add Category and select from existing campaign categories or create new ones. Manage message limits To view your current limits: Next to your project name, select the dropdown menu ( ), then Settings . Under Project settings , select Message Limits . To edit: Click Edit for the limit you want to change. Edit an existing limit, or click Add another and configure a new limit. Click Update . To delete: Click Edit for the limit you want to delete. Select the remove icon ( ) to delete one of multiple limits and click Update , or click Remove all . Back Deep links Was this page helpful? Yes No Thanks for your feedback! Tell Us More Thanks for letting us know! Tell Us More On this page Guides Features Messaging & Engagement Scenes About Embedded Content Custom Views Surveys and Stories Branching Conditional design overrides Rollouts Push notifications Message Center Landing pages Email In-App Automation In-App Messages SMS/MMS/RCS Open channels Real-time app updates Orchestration Journeys Channel Coordination Intelligence & AI AI in Airship Audience Pulse Predictive Analytics Predictive Churn Optimal Send Time Data & Integration Zero-copy data integration Pilot Features Getting Started What is Airship? Try Airship Messaging Messaging basics Set up your project Send your first message Learn the dashboard Configure project essentials Manage team access Team roles Twilio and SendGrid Mobile channel configuration Custom domains Wallet Wallet basics Set up your project Create your first pass Learn the dashboard Teams and access Apple Wallet certificates Google Wallet certificates Account & Security Your account and logging in Company and plan Usage and billing Security Account security Multi-factor authentication (MFA) IP allowlist Audience & Segmentation Your audience Named users Device properties Attributes About attributes Adding attributes Setting and removing attributes Targeting your audience Tags About tags Setting and removing tags Targeting your audience Events About events Differentiating event types Adding events Tracking events Targeting your audience Audience lists Lifecycle Uploaded Subscription Segments Audience Pulse Retargeting Decay Audience data reference Tools Contact management Finding channel IDs SFTP upload for CSV files Privacy Individual Data Privacy Rights Under Data Privacy Laws Messaging Messages Overview and Calendar Testing tools Creating Messages Create a message Automations and Sequences About Automations and Sequences Create an Automation Creating Sequences Create a Sequence Sequence templates Set outcomes Add messages Test Sequences Edit or duplicate Triggers Sequence Manage view Sequence Performance Content by channel App Push notifications In-app messages Message Center Landing pages Web Email Email Unsubscribe links Double opt-in links SMS/MMS/RCS Open channels Delivery Delivery Delivery options Ban Lists Actions Buttons Localization Apple News In-App Experiences Scenes, Stories, and Embedded Content Create a Scene Reports In-App Automation Create an In-App Automation Localization Configuration Default settings Triggers Actions Optional features App screens Privacy Best Practices for In-App Experiences Content editors About Scenes About Behaviors Root appearance Screens Content elements Design properties Branching AI content Custom layouts Interactive About Styling and formatting Actions Merge fields Saving blocks and layouts Visual (Legacy) Tools & Features Brand guidelines Campaigns Preference Centers Android Live Updates iOS Live Activities Generative AI content Opt-in forms SMS keywords Media library Composer Favorites Bulk sending Accessibility in messaging Managing Messages Archive Delete Duplicate Edit Change status Project Settings Configuration Android notification categories Deep links Message Limits Personalization About Personalization Dashboard tools Previewing personalization Sources Attributes Create and Send Custom events External data feeds Message namespace properties Promotional codes Content Templates Snippets Actions and media Handlebars reference Handlebars basics Text helpers Math helpers Date and time helpers Logic/conditional statements Looping through objects and arrays Encoding and hashing helpers Experimentation Experiment types A/B tests About A/B testing A/B test types Messages Messages (Legacy) Scenes Sequences Intelligent Rollouts Feature Flags Holdout Experiments Control Groups Reports & Analytics About reports Goals Engagement reports Message reports Performance Analytics Getting started Exploring Exploring the data Audience with Attributes Custom Events Device Events Engagement Scenes Tag Events Dashboard and Look definitions Email data SMS data Common tasks and queries Saving queries Scheduling data delivery Add web metrics to a report Export lists Find in-app impression rate Find inactive users Get a list of tags for a user Get a list of users who were sent or opened an A/B test Report on funnel and path Set up user-defined properties Split results by tag Real-Time Data Streaming Activity log Wallet User guide Learning the UI The template editor Designing and managing templates Design a template Actions Private images Boarding pass overrides Send a test pass Manage templates NFC Support Creating and distributing pass links About Adaptive Links Create Adaptive Links: API Create Adaptive Links: Dashboard CSV upload Event tickets Flights and boarding passes Distributing pass links Google Wallet deep links Auto Linked Passes Updating passes About updating passes Pass expiration Create a segment for targeting Apply template design changes Boarding pass semantics Sending notifications Wallet Push Notifications Pass Update Notifications Location-Based Pass Alerts Reporting Wallet callbacks Template activity Project Settings Manage barcode Add app store link to back of a pass Reference Categories © 2009 - 2026 Airship. All rights reserved. Legal Terms Security Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Swift and the Swift logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. Android is a trademark of Google LLC; the Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License . Apache, Apache Cordova, and the Apache Cordova logo are trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation. All other trademarks, logos, and brand names are the property of their respective owners. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. 