открылась
 Braze Onboarding: Best Practices for a Successful Integration Why Braze? Product Back The Braze Platform All your data, channels, and orchestration needs in one place View the platform Pricing BrazeAI™ UPDATE Automate, learn, and personalize with AI Braze Data Platform Unify, activate, and distribute your data Cross-Channel Send all your messages from one place FEATURED CAPABILITIES BrazeAI Decisioning Studio™ UPDATE Deliver 1:1 personalization, at scale Journey Orchestration Create multi-step, cross-channel experiences BrazeAI™ Agents UPDATE Scale smarter engagement with always-on AI agents Reporting & Analytics Analyze performance & uncover insights Creative Studio Simplify creative workflows FEATURED CHANNELS Email Mobile App Messaging Web Messaging SMS/RCS WhatsApp View all channels How It Works Get a breakdown of our vertically- integrated technology Learn More Solutions Back Industries Retail & eCommerce Financial Services Travel & Hospitality Media & Entertainment Sports Gaming On Demand QSR Use Cases Optimize Onboarding Boost Productivity Improve Acquisitions Reduce Churn Increase Engagement Braze For Startups 2026 Global Customer Engagement Review For our sixth Global CER, we surveyed over 2,200 marketing leaders and analyzed upwards of 6 billion data points spanning more than 750 brands Partners Back Braze Alloys Explore and Connect with our trusted Technology or Delivery Partners Become a Partner Explore the different types of partnerships available and help lead the charge for best-in-class customer experiences Find a Partner Supercharge the power of Braze with pre-built partner solutions designed to accelerate success Resources Back Learn Resources Hub Case Studies Blog Reports & Guides Videos Webinars & Events User Documentation Grow Bonfire Customer Community Braze Learning Customer Champion Certification Glossary Support Support Overview Professional Services Customer Success Company Back About Us Learn how Braze became the leading customer engagement platform Investor Relations Get the latest news, numbers, and financial results Careers Discover job openings & why people love working at Braze ESG Explore our Environmental, Social, and Corporate Governance data News Find out about the latest happenings at Braze Legal Get information on our legal terms, policies, compliance, and more Looking for something else? Contact Us English Français 日本語 한국어 Português BR Español Log In Get Started Get Started Open main menu Resources / Blog / Four best practices ... Four best practices for making the most of the Braze Onboarding process Published on April 24, 2026 / Last edited on May 05, 2026 / 9 min read AUTHOR Benjamin Kasman Product Manager, Braze Contents 1. Get everybody on the same page 2. Set the right scope 3. Take advantage of a wealth of valuable content and resources 4. Stay curious Key takeaway for onboarding to Braze So you’ve decided to start using Braze—congratulations! It’s a big step for your business and one that makes a lot of exceptional things possible for your marketing strategy and user engagement efforts. But just as customer/brand relationships aren’t built in a day, setting up your business for success with the Braze platform is an ongoing process that involves thoughtful planning and collaboration between your organization and the Braze team. That’s why the Braze Onboarding team works with new Braze customers to make their onboarding process as smooth and impactful as possible. This process can be somewhat different from customer to customer, but at its core it’s about building a relationship, agreeing on goals and needs, and providing expert insights that can help companies master onboarding and implementation-related challenges—from making sure that all the channels you plan to use are integrated properly to determining that you have your data collection strategy set. That allows you to ensure that this part of your project doesn’t take any longer than necessary and that you can start using Braze to forge connections with your users ASAP. To make that process as seamless and useful as possible, I spoke to some of my colleagues on the Braze Onboarding team to gather their recommendations on four key things to focus on as you begin this exciting process: 1. Get everybody on the same page As with most large, cross-functional projects, internal alignment and clear communications is key. But what does that look like? Well, imagine that your brand’s CRM team is raring to go and wants to jump into the Braze platform this week, but your engineering team is working on a sprint that ends 10 days from now...and are only vaguely aware of what Braze is and why they should spent time and resources getting it integrated. But while this kind of situation can be hard, it isn’t inevitable. To smooth out the process, we generally recommend starting the internal conversations early and making sure that whichever members of your team who are going to be hands on in the Braze dashboard are communicating with the folks who will be helping to carry out the actual integration work. Having an internal meeting that covers your resource readiness and schedules for both the marketing and engineering teams can work wonders and significantly increase the odds that your brand will leverage Braze on schedule. In addition, thinking through all the different teams who touch your customer experience and your technology stack can be a good way to ensure that every potential stakeholder in your organization is looped in from the beginning. For our part, the Braze Onboarding team makes a point of providing support and assets that can help your team make those key connections early on and align on your brand’s priorities and goals. That support can include: Onboarding meetings and worksheets to give your teams the opportunity to talk through priorities and timelines—and to diagram what you’re looking to achieve Detailed documentation for both marketing and dev stakeholders, ensuring that key stakeholders are up to speed on what’s possible with Braze and any relevant considerations from a technical perspective Time-to-launch Braze customer case studies providing perspective on the experiences of other brands that have gone through this process Optional Braze services to support a more hands-on approach to the onboarding process, if needed Referrals to Braze Alloys solutions partners for brands looking for even more assistance and resources as they tackle this important process 2. Set the right scope Once your whole team is aligned about when to get started with the Braze onboarding and integration process, you’ll want to prioritize what the team works on first. When we talk about determining the scope of your Braze onboarding, we’re really talking about two different kinds of scopes, both of which can impact onboarding complexity and how long it takes to get up and running with Braze. Functional Scope: This covers the functionalities and messaging channels you’re looking to implement with Braze (think setting up email or ensuring that the Braze Web SDK is integrated with your Content Cards ) Value Scope: This refers to the essential campaigns your brand is looking to implement during your onboarding (think building out a new customer onboarding flow across multiple channels or launching a weekly email newsletter) As you’d expect, the complexity—and number—of things on your Braze wishlist can impact the work and time needed for your company’s onboarding. That’s why it’s so essential to have a clear picture of your must-haves, your nice-to-haves, and what items are low-priority; it makes it possible to understand more fully up front what work needs to be done and what timeframes are realistic for your onboarding. If your focus is on speed, we’ll work with your brand to identify a target integration date—usually 60 or 90 days after kickoff—and collaborate with you to build out a plan to hit that timeline by reducing time to integration, time to production, and time to value. But while we’re proud of how quickly our customers are able to hit the ground running with Braze, speed isn’t always the central consideration for brands. For brands looking to leverage the full range of Braze channels, for instance, it can be more impactful to focus on prioritizing the breadth of the onboarding and implementation, rather than trying to rush to do everything in a 60-day window. So how do you get started when it comes to assessing scope? As one of my colleagues put it, “Ultimately, marketing and engineering teams must be in lock-step and aligned on the same understanding of the scope required to achieve their marketing goals.” This is especially important if you’re integrating multiple channels and platforms, and don’t have the resources to do them all at once. The Braze team will help you talk through your priorities, business goals, and resourcing constraints in order to help you identify where to start, and then how you proceed from there. We’ve found that having new customers review the Braze Developer Guide to outline all the steps needed to successfully integrate each channel in connection with Braze can do a lot to simplify the process and improve internal understanding of what’s needed. Separately, we highly recommend that leads from both your marketing and engineering team talk through what is needed for your brand to see success with its use of Braze (i.e. what KPIs and metrics the marketing organization need to measure and what their goals are) as well as around what’s feasible for the engineering org to accomplish in a given time period. These conversations aren’t a magic bullet, but they can do a lot to support a more effective, timely onboarding process. 3. Take advantage of a wealth of valuable content and resources Want to become a Braze pro? That’s what we want, too! And the resources we share can help you get there—in fact, the Braze Learning courses you’re given are actually the same instructional series that Braze uses to teach new hires the ins-and-outs of our platform. (Our three most popular courses? Braze 101 , Email Deliverability , and Braze Data Categories .) Your onboarding team will likely provide you with a list of courses to enroll in before they provide you with a tailored dashboard training and other enablement sessions. Customers can use our on-demand and/or live trainings, which are free. Beyond LAB, your onboarding team will also provide you with relevant documentation for channels in your scope and a shared workspace where your team and the Braze team can collaborate on timelines, integration milestones, data/campaign planning, and even QA steps for your integration. Looking for guidance on any of these subjects? The workspace will have them all consolidated in one place for your team to leverage! Looking for some relevant content to start reviewing as you begin the onboarding process? Check out these additional key resources: Braze User Guide — This resource covers essential topics related to getting started with Braze and spotlights key functionality. Braze Developer Guide — These resources are aimed at developers looking for documentation on the Braze platform and related topics. Braze Resources — This resource provides ongoing coverage of the customer engagement landscape, and highlights Braze use cases, real customers’ strategy, and game-changing campaigns, as well as 101 content, exclusive interviews, and a lot more. Braze Bonfire — This customer-focused community allows end users and other individuals at Braze customer companies to connect with each other to highlight industry trends, share best practices, and discuss the Braze product. 4. Stay curious Questions always come up. So don’t be shy about asking them! The Braze Onboarding team is here because we want to help you use Braze successfully, so please don’t hesitate to reach out when there’s something on your mind. We make a point of creating additional content and resources inspired by common customer questions and challenges, so by surfacing concerns or areas of confusion, you can not only improve your brand’s own outcomes—you can help make things clearer for others in your situation going forward. Once you’ve had your kickoff with Braze, you’ll be provided with a team email alias (think “ [email protected] ”) that includes not only your Braze onboarding team, but also commercial contacts and even managers and directors at Braze. This is a great place to surface questions, feedback, and product suggestions as they arise, allowing you to be proactive about your brand’s use of Braze. What if you haven’t started your onboarding process yet but still have burning questions? In that situation feel free to forward any questions you might have to your commercial representative, who can provide you with the answers you need. Unsure what your onboarding package includes, or what support looks like after onboarding is complete, or maybe what a certain feature in Braze does? Just ask! Key takeaway for onboarding to Braze The Braze Onboarding team is here to help. As you begin your customer engagement journey with Braze, our goal is support and collaborate with your team to help you reach—or exceed!—your goals. By focusing on the tips above and leaning on our assistance and expertise, you’ll be well-positioned to get aligned internally, leverage Braze resources, and master customer engagement. Want to learn how to how to navigate a valuable, brand-building migration experience? Download "Migration Made Easy" Related Tags Onboarding SUBSCRIBE Be Absolutely Engaging. ™ Sign up for regular updates from Braze. Please select one option only and then submit your preference. Please enter your business email address. Loading... Related Content View the Blog Article 16 min read Congratulations to the Forge 2026 Torchie Awards winners September 29, 2026 Article 6 min read Bring 1:1 decisioning to every marketing journey with BrazeAI Decisioning Studio™ Go September 28, 2026 Article 12 min read Made for this: How Braze is providing new ways to build, support, and extend your campaigns September 28, 2026 It's time to be a better marketer Get Started See How Braze Works Braze. Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Overview Why Braze Braze Platform Overview How Braze Works Pricing Product Braze Data Platform BrazeAI™ BrazeAI Decisioning Studio™ BrazeAI™ Agents Cross-Channel Messaging Journey Orchestration Reporting Creative Studio Email Mobile App Messaging Web Messaging SMS/RCS WhatsApp Media Audience Sync LINE KakaoTalk Solutions Retail & eCommerce Financial Services Travel & Hospitality Media & Entertainment Gaming On Demand QSR Optimize Onboarding Boost Productivity Improve Acquisition Reduce Churn Increase Engagement Braze for Engineering Company About Us Careers News Investor Relations ESG Legal Contact Us & Locations Resources Case Studies Blog Reports & Guides Videos Webinars & Events Learning Documentation Documentation Home User Guide Developer Guide Partners Braze Alloys Partner Portal Partner Directory Featured Reports 2026 Global Engagement Review Support Support Overview Customer Services Customer Success Helpful Links Login System Status Technical Support © 2026 Braze All Rights Reserved Cookies Privacy Policy Preference Center Sitemap 