открылась
 Message delivery options · Airship Docs platform-web tags Docs What's New Guides Developer Integrations Reference Book a Meeting Back to Main Menu On This Page Search / Book a Meeting Home / Guides / Messaging / Creating Messages / Delivery / Delivery options … / Message delivery options Configure delivery options for Messages, Automations, and Sequences. Copy for LLM View as Markdown After configuring the delivery timing and related settings , set up delivery options. Options are organized by channel and platform below. General These options are available across all or most channels. Bypass ban list Bypass your ban list An externally maintained record of users that should not be included in Airship message audiences. Before sending a message, Airship validates the audience members with the ban list. Any matching recipients are dropped from the audience before sending the message. when sending business-critical or otherwise required messages, such as privacy policy update notifications. If you have a ban list but do not see this option in the composer, enable it in your project settings. See Bypassing your ban list . Campaign categories Campaign categories are labels that group messages of a similar type or messaging strategy for aggregate reporting. They help you track the efficacy of both your individual messages and a messaging campaign as a whole. You can add a maximum of ten categories. Enter a campaign category name, then select Add . Category names have a 64-character maximum. For categories defined in message limits , its limit displays after the category. To override the limit, select the check box for Ignore limit for this message . Adding a campaign category that has a message limit Tip Campaign categories are listed in the Message Detail section of Message Reports. Custom keys Custom keys are additional key-value pairs in your push notification payload for use by custom code in your app or website. You can use custom keys to pass additional campaign identifiers for analytics, pass user information to the device, control the look and feel of the app, provide image links, etc. Custom keys are passed to your app or website with each message for your custom code to act on. For example, send an update_type key set to content_refresh to tell your app to fetch fresh data when the notification arrives. You can also send different values per platform. Select a platform, then enter the key and value. See also Custom keys for Message Center . Note If the Custom Keys option does not appear when creating messages, enable it in your project settings: Next to your project name, select the dropdown menu ( ), then Settings . Under Project settings , select Dashboard Settings . Enable Custom Keys . Expiration The delivery expiration option cancels the delivery of a push notification, in-app message, or Message Center message if it hasn’t reached a device within a specific period of time. For SMS, see Expiration for SMS . Select and configure an option: Duration: Enter the number of minutes, hours, or days past your defined send time to expire the delivery. Date & Time: Enter the date and time when delivery attempts should cease. Expiration behavior per message type: Message type Expiration behavior Push notifications and Web push notifications If a device is online, the notification will be delivered immediately. If a device is offline, the push service for each platform preserves the notification and attempts to deliver it as soon as it comes online, up until the expiration date. The default expiration for push notifications without an expiration date is 30 days for APNs and 28 days for FCM. For Web, if no expiration is set and a device is offline, the delivery service, e.g., Google or Mozilla, preserves the notification and attempts to deliver it as soon as it comes online, for a maximum of 28 days. There is no way to remove a delivered push notification. In-app messages In-app messages are not delivered or displayed past the expiration date. Message Center Message Center messages are not delivered past the expiration date. See Expiration for Message Center for inbox removal. Ignore channel message limits Enable this option to override the project-level message limits Limits that cap the number of messages you can send within a specified time frame, preventing you from over-messaging your users. They are set at the project level. , ensuring that your audience will receive your message even if they’ve reached the message limit. You may want to override message limits for important messages like breaking news, account alerts, or location proximity-based messages. Overriding message limits does not override Sequence rule limits or Automation rule limits . Start and End Dates For Automations only, start and end dates define the times during which an automation can deliver messages to your audience. Enable Start Date and/or End Date . Set the time, time zone, and date. Throttle delivery In the Message composer and for A/B test variants, enable Throttle Delivery to set a delivery rate for the message. Enter the number of messages to be sent per second. The minimum rate is 100 messages per second. Throttle Delivery is only available for the following delivery options: Send Now , Schedule , and Optimize . Not supported for Message Center. You can change the rate after sending your message and also pause/resume or cancel delivery within 48 hours of send time. Important Throttling must be enabled before sending the message. You cannot edit the message and enable it later. If you combine Message Center with other App message types and pause or stop delivery within 48 hours of send time, delivery status change has no effect on Message Center delivery. Message Center messages will remain in the inbox until expiration, if set. You can also manually remove messages from the Message Center inbox . If your use case requires a rate lower than 100 messages per second, contact Support to request a different default rate for your project. Go to Messages , then Messages Overview . Change the message status: Click Pause or Resume . Click Stop to cancel delivery. You cannot resume a canceled message. Change the throttle rate: Click the expand icon ( ) for the message. Click the edit icon ( ) next to Throttle Delivery . Enter a new rate and click Update . Message Center These options appear when Message Center content was created with the Interactive editor or Scenes editor . Custom keys Set custom keys Additional key-value pairs in your push notification payload for use by custom code in your app or website. You can use custom keys to pass additional campaign identifiers for analytics, pass user information to the device, control the look and feel of the app, provide image links, etc. that are attached to the Message Center message in the user’s inbox, separate from custom keys passed to your app or website . Under Message Center Options , in Custom Keys , add a key and value. Tip If your Message Center is set up with named user A contact identified with an ID you provide, such as a customer ID from your CRM. Associating channels with that ID maps multiple devices and channels to one individual. Each named user has a unique named user ID. filtering, include a custom key with named_user_id as the key and the user’s actual ID as the value. See information about filtering by named user in the Message Center documentation for SDK integrations . You can also use a custom key to set a subtitle, which appears below the message title in the inbox. For the key, enter com.urbanairship.listing.field1 . For the value, enter the text for the subtitle. No code change is required. The mobile SDKs display the subtitle automatically in the default Message Center inbox. If you use a custom list UI, read the key and display its value in your app. For the Visual editor, configure the inbox preview when setting up the message content. See Using the editor in Visual editor . Expiration The Message Center Expiration setting removes the message from users’ inboxes, separate from delivery expiration . This may be helpful if the message represents a coupon, sale, or specific event and needs to expire on a specific date and time, or after a period of time has elapsed. Under Message Center Options , in Expiration , select and configure when to remove the message from inboxes: Duration: Enter the number of minutes, hours, or days past your defined send time to remove the message. Date & Time: Select the date, time, and time zone when the message should be removed. For the Visual editor, set inbox expiration when configuring the message content. See Using the editor in Visual editor . SMS These options are specific to SMS messages. Expiration (SMS) The delivery expiration option discards your message if it hasn’t been delivered to a device within a specific period of time. 72 hours is the default. Enter the number of hours, between 1 and 72. iOS These options are specific to iOS messages. Background processing The background processing option wakes the app and give it some running time to perform work, such as downloading content for future display. Data included in the push notification is available for background processing, e.g., to send URLs and then download that content. iOS only. Badge Update the recipient device’s app badge. A badge is the numeric display on an app icon that typically indicates the number of unread messages. The badge count can be used as an engagement strategy, notifying users about new content and driving them to open your app. By default messages automatically increment the badge number, but you can specify an exact number, e.g., +3, +12, -3. Select Increment by 1 or Specify . Specify requires a value in the text field. Note Badge functionality requires the device to be opted in to push notifications. Group A delivery group uses an identifier to group related notifications from your app into a single stack. Notifications bearing the same group identifier are stacked together. iOS 12 and later only. Enter an identifier in the text field. Note Remember to use the same identifier for subsequent messages you wish to group. Interruption level Determine the degree of interruption a user experiences from a push notification. Each level has a different impact on the user’s experience, depending on their Focus settings. The default level is Active . Select Passive , Time Sensitive , or Critical . For Critical , also specify the alert volume level, at 10% increments. Interruption level Overrides scheduled delivery Breaks through Focus Supports sounds/vibration Overrides ring/silent switch iOS minimum Active (default) No No Yes No n/a Passive No No No No 15 Time Sensitive Yes Yes Yes No 15 Critical Yes Yes Yes Yes 12 Important Critical alerts require: A special entitlement issued by Apple. Feature enablement by Airship. Contact your account manager or Support if you have the Apple entitlement and want to use critical alerts with Airship. Critical alerts must be allowed by a user on their device. Mutable content The mutable content option allows a notification’s content to be changed or downloaded before delivery. This feature is automatically enabled if media is defined in the message’s Media settings . iOS 10 and later only. Relevance score The relevance score is one of multiple factors used by Apple to determine which push notifications are featured more prominently within the notification summary. Use this setting to override the default value of 0. iOS 15 and later only. Set a value between 1 and 10. Sound Play a custom sound when your audience receives a message. The sound file that you specify must be bundled with your app by your app developer. Enter “default” to use your audience’s default system notification sound or the name of the sound file that you want to play, for example “beep.caf”. See Configure Notification Options for more information. Android and Fire OS These options are specific to Android and Fire OS messages. Collapse key A collapse key is an optional delivery feature that acts as a grouping and replacement mechanism for messages with the same value. The Collapse Key comes into play when a device is offline (e.g. airplane mode) or in doze mode; if multiple messages are available with the same collapse key value when a device comes back online, it will display only the most recent message and discard previous that have the same value. Enter the key in the text field. Delivery priority The delivery priority option sends your notification using Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) high priority. When not enabled, messages default to normal priority. Android only . Note From Set the priority of a message in Google’s FCM documentation: High priority. FCM attempts to deliver high priority messages immediately even if the device is in Doze mode. High priority messages are for time-sensitive, user visible content. Notification category Send your message with a specific notification category instead of the default. A notification category is a grouping mechanism for messages in Android versions 8.0 and later, synonymous with Android notification channels . Users can set behaviors for each notification category within your Android app, determining the types of messages they are most interested in. Select a notification category. Note You must add your app’s notification categories to your Airship project before you can select them for your messages. See: Manage Android Notification Categories . Email These options are specific to email messages. URL parameters Override project-level email URL parameters Variables you can automatically append to all link URLs in emails. They function as tags for tracking campaign performance, both on the web and in an app. or add custom parameters for the current message only. Existing project-level parameters are listed onscreen for reference. Under URL parameters for this message , enter a parameter name and value. To override an existing parameter, enter its name and enter a new value. To remove an existing parameter, enter its name and leave the value empty. To add a parameter, enter a parameter name and value. Select Add parameter to add more. Web These options are specific to web push notifications. Require interaction Important Support for the Require Interaction option varies by browser and OS. Enable Require interaction to require your audience to interact with your web notification to dismiss it from the browser window. Users may interact with a web notification in these ways: Click the notification, which opens the message-defined URL, or the default Action URL . Dismiss the notification. Click the Settings icon or button on the notification. API equivalents for delivery options Set campaign categories using the Campaigns Object . Start and End dates are for Automation only. You can set them using the activation_time and deactivation_time properties in the Pipeline object. See Pipeline Object in the API reference. These options can be set using Platform Overrides : Composer option API Background processing 1,2 content_available Badge 2 badge Collapse key (Fire OS) consolidation_key Collapse key (Android) collapse_key Custom keys extra Delivery priority 3 delivery_priority Expiration expiry Group 2 thread_id Interruption level 2 interruption_level Mutable content 1,2 mutable_content Notification category 3 notification_channel Relevance score 2 relevance_score Require interaction 4 require_interaction Sound 2 sound URL parameters 5 url_parameters 1. Automation only 2. iOS only 3. Android only 4. Web only 5. Email only Back Delivery Next Ban Lists Was this page helpful? Yes No Thanks for your feedback! Tell Us More Thanks for letting us know! Tell Us More On this page Guides Features Messaging & Engagement Scenes About Embedded Content Custom Views Surveys and Stories Branching Conditional design overrides Rollouts Push notifications Message Center Landing pages Email In-App Automation In-App Messages SMS/MMS/RCS Open channels Real-time app updates Orchestration Journeys Channel Coordination Intelligence & AI AI in Airship Audience Pulse Predictive Analytics Predictive Churn Optimal Send Time Data & Integration Zero-copy data integration Pilot Features Getting Started What is Airship? Try Airship Messaging Messaging basics Set up your project Send your first message Learn the dashboard Configure project essentials Manage team access Team roles Twilio and SendGrid Mobile channel configuration Custom domains Wallet Wallet basics Set up your project Create your first pass Learn the dashboard Teams and access Apple Wallet certificates Google Wallet certificates Account & Security Your account and logging in Company and plan Usage and billing Security Account security Multi-factor authentication (MFA) IP allowlist Audience & Segmentation Your audience Named users Device properties Attributes About attributes Adding attributes Setting and removing attributes Targeting your audience Tags About tags Setting and removing tags Targeting your audience Events About events Differentiating event types Adding events Tracking events Targeting your audience Audience lists Lifecycle Uploaded Subscription Segments Audience Pulse Retargeting Decay Audience data reference Tools Contact management Finding channel IDs SFTP upload for CSV files Privacy Individual Data Privacy Rights Under Data Privacy Laws Messaging Messages Overview and Calendar Testing tools Creating Messages Create a message Automations and Sequences About Automations and Sequences Create an Automation Creating Sequences Create a Sequence Sequence templates Set outcomes Add messages Test Sequences Edit or duplicate Triggers Sequence Manage view Sequence Performance Content by channel App Push notifications In-app messages Message Center Landing pages Web Email Email Unsubscribe links Double opt-in links SMS/MMS/RCS Open channels Delivery Delivery Delivery options Ban Lists Actions Buttons Localization Apple News In-App Experiences Scenes, Stories, and Embedded Content Create a Scene Reports In-App Automation Create an In-App Automation Localization Configuration Default settings Triggers Actions Optional features App screens Privacy Best Practices for In-App Experiences Content editors About Scenes About Behaviors Root appearance Screens Content elements Design properties Branching AI content Custom layouts Interactive About Styling and formatting Actions Merge fields Saving blocks and layouts Visual (Legacy) Tools & Features Brand guidelines Campaigns Preference Centers Android Live Updates iOS Live Activities Generative AI content Opt-in forms SMS keywords Media library Composer Favorites Bulk sending Accessibility in messaging Managing Messages Archive Delete Duplicate Edit Change status Project Settings Configuration Android notification categories Deep links Message Limits Personalization About Personalization Dashboard tools Previewing personalization Sources Attributes Create and Send Custom events External data feeds Message namespace properties Promotional codes Content Templates Snippets Actions and media Handlebars reference Handlebars basics Text helpers Math helpers Date and time helpers Logic/conditional statements Looping through objects and arrays Encoding and hashing helpers Experimentation Experiment types A/B tests About A/B testing A/B test types Messages Messages (Legacy) Scenes Sequences Intelligent Rollouts Feature Flags Holdout Experiments Control Groups Reports & Analytics About reports Goals Engagement reports Message reports Performance Analytics Getting started Exploring Exploring the data Audience with Attributes Custom Events Device Events Engagement Scenes Tag Events Dashboard and Look definitions Email data SMS data Common tasks and queries Saving queries Scheduling data delivery Add web metrics to a report Export lists Find in-app impression rate Find inactive users Get a list of tags for a user Get a list of users who were sent or opened an A/B test Report on funnel and path Set up user-defined properties Split results by tag Real-Time Data Streaming Activity log Wallet User guide Learning the UI The template editor Designing and managing templates Design a template Actions Private images Boarding pass overrides Send a test pass Manage templates NFC Support Creating and distributing pass links About Adaptive Links Create Adaptive Links: API Create Adaptive Links: Dashboard CSV upload Event tickets Flights and boarding passes Distributing pass links Google Wallet deep links Auto Linked Passes Updating passes About updating passes Pass expiration Create a segment for targeting Apply template design changes Boarding pass semantics Sending notifications Wallet Push Notifications Pass Update Notifications Location-Based Pass Alerts Reporting Wallet callbacks Template activity Project Settings Manage barcode Add app store link to back of a pass Reference Categories © 2009 - 2026 Airship. All rights reserved. Legal Terms Security Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Swift and the Swift logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. Android is a trademark of Google LLC; the Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License . Apache, Apache Cordova, and the Apache Cordova logo are trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation. All other trademarks, logos, and brand names are the property of their respective owners. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. 