открылась
 Mercado Pago Case Study | AdTech for Fintech | Muttdata blog Solutions Solutions Services MarTech Gen AI Predictive Models Measurement & Attribution Paid Media with AI Modern Data Platform Data Infrastructure Data Engineering Applied AI View all Services Products Paid Media Optimizer View all Solutions Solutions Industries View all Solutions Scalable data and AI solutions for every stage View all Solutions Services MarTech Gen AI Predictive Models Measurement & Attribution Paid Media with AI Modern Data Platform Data Infrastructure Data Engineering Applied AI View all Services Products Paid Media Optimizer Industries Industries Industries Data + AI for Every Industry View all Industries Industries Retail & E-commerce Financial Services View all Industries About Us About us Company Databricks Databricks AEs Culture & Careers Resources Resources Blog Case Studies Events Contact Us EN ES EN EN ES Contact Us Mercado Pago Case Study | AdTech for Fintech March 5, 2024 About The Company Mercado Libre is the largest online commerce and payments ecosystem in Latin America. Through a suite of technology solutions including Mercado Pago , Mercado Ads , Mercado Envíos , and Mercado Créditos they enable customers in 18 countries to carry out their commerce offering solutions across the entire value chain. Challenge MercadoPago operates in a dynamic and ever-evolving market, competing for both buyers and sellers. To succeed in their mission to become the premier method for payments, collections and financial services among sellers, their data-driven business teams must continuously innovate and question the status quo. That's where we entered the scene to lend our expertise. The primary objective of our project was to boost Mercado Pago’s Total Payment Volume (TPV) by increasing its share of wallet. Essentially, this meant diversifying the range of products used by sellers and introducing them to services they had yet to explore. Our close collaboration with both their business and technology teams uncovered areas ripe for improvement in their Marketing and AdTech Strategy and offering, including push notifications, emails, real estate platforms, and user segmentation enhancement. The challenge (illustrated below) could be broken down into two main parts. Firstly, understanding what recommendations to make , and secondly, determining the most effective approach to send/implement those recommendations. Solution We proposed a display advertising, email, whatsapp and push-notification recommendation framework consisting of different Machine Learning models that estimates a seller's propensity to use each service in a given week, and a system that selects the recommendation matched to a seller segment. Generated recommendations are finely tuned based on: When deliveries are made (balancing capping and engagement) Which channels are used (real estate, push, or email) depending on interaction analysis. Which service we should spotlight for that seller. Which text (copy message) to use for a specific channel or service, modelling that as a Multi-Armed Bandit. Analysis of previous campaigns and experiments The recommendation system doesn’t limit itself to considering habit-based variables, it can also tailor to business objectives of different services: Eligibility (not all sellers can receive all messages) involves setting filters to ensure that only clients eligible for specific offers, discounts, or credits receive them based on various criteria. Exclusion, some sellers are excluded from all communications in order to establish a baseline for A/B testing and result comparison. In order to build this framework, we’ve used AWS EC2 instances to build an ABT which extracts features from the existing Data Warehouse. Using specialised instances allowed us to enhance the feature-creation in the ML cycle by 3x. We’ve also used EC2 instances to host an orchestrator for our tasks, including training the ML Models and generating weekly batch predictions. With this, we could free the team's time to improve the amount of models that were being deployed on a weekly basis, from two per month to 3 per week. Finally we use S3 as our default object storage for logging and model versioning. Impact Our primary business metric, which measures the number of sellers selecting MercadoPago as their primary platform, experienced a 4% nominal increase, from 6% to 10% of the seller base. Furthermore, we have incorporated monitoring best practices and tools, making it easier to track and compare metrics in real-time through user-friendly dashboards. Testimonial The Impact Want to Dive In Deeper? Read Full Case Copyright © 2026 Muttdata. All rights reserved. Solutions MarTech Modern Data Platform Industries Financial Services Retail & Ecommerce About Us Company Databricks Databricks AEs Culture & Careers Resources Blog Case Studies Events Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Follow Us GSAP integration (en ese caso borrar este bloque). --> 