открылась
 Monzo Employs Targeted Traffic Shedding against Stampeding Herd Effect from the Mobile App - InfoQ BT InfoQ Software Architects' Newsletter A monthly overview of things you need to know as an architect or aspiring architect. View an example Enter your e-mail address Select your country Select a country I consent to InfoQ.com handling my data as explained in this Privacy Notice . We protect your privacy. Close QCon AI Boston (July 8-9, 2027): Agents. Context. Evals. Security. See how other teams make decisions. Register Now Close Toggle Navigation Facilitating the Spread of Knowledge and Innovation in Professional Software Development English edition English edition Chinese edition Japanese edition French edition Write for InfoQ Search Register Sign in Unlock the full InfoQ experience Unlock the full InfoQ experience by logging in! Stay updated with your favorite authors and topics, engage with content, and download exclusive resources. Log In or Don't have an InfoQ account? Register Stay updated on topics and peers that matter to you Receive instant alerts on the latest insights and trends. Quickly access free resources for continuous learning Minibooks, videos with transcripts, and training materials. Save articles and read at anytime Bookmark articles to read whenever youre ready. Logo - Back to homepage News Articles Presentations Podcasts Guides Topics Development Java Kotlin .Net C# Swift Go Rust JavaScript Featured in Development Accelerating Performance by Incrementally Integrating Rust into Existing Codebase Lily Mara explains how to avoid high-risk software rewrites through incremental FFI refactoring. She shares how engineering teams can replace Python bottlenecks with Rust via PyO3, demonstrating how to achieve dramatic function-level speedups, seamless integration testing, and meaningful infrastructure cost savings without microservice overhead. All in development Architecture & Design Architecture Enterprise Architecture Scalability/Performance Design Case Studies Microservices Service Mesh Patterns Security Featured in Architecture & Design Managing Asynchronous APIs at Scale Ian Cooper discusses managing asynchronous APIs in event-driven architectures at scale. He explains the "ABCs" of messaging (Address, Binding, Contract) and shares how to tackle discovery, governance, and provisioning using AsyncAPI, CloudEvents, schema registries, and automated CI/CD infrastructure pipelines based on real-world engineering practices at Just Eat Takeaway. All in architecture-design AI Infrastructure Big Data Machine Learning NoSQL Database Data Analytics Streaming Featured in AI, ML & Data Engineering From Consumers to Builders: Turning 200 of our Team into Agent Creators in 2 Weeks Ben Maraney shares how Forter demystified AI agent creation for technical and non-technical staff. He discusses leveraging custom MCP servers, combining no-code and code-based platforms, sidestepping complex RAG setups, and aligning security and legal teams to accelerate internal agent adoption across R&D. All in ai-ml-data-eng Culture & Methods Agile Diversity Leadership Lean/Kanban Personal Growth Scrum Sociocracy Software Craftmanship Team Collaboration Testing UX Featured in Culture & Methods Keeping the Mainline Green Across Diverse Language Monorepos Dhruva Juloori discusses how Uber maintains green mainlines across massive monorepos handling 65,000+ monthly changes. He explains how SubmitQueue uses binary speculation trees, conflict analysis, and machine learning models to predict build success and execution times. Dhruva shares how bypassing large diffs slashed CI resource usage by 53% while accelerating PR landing times by 37%. All in culture-methods DevOps Infrastructure Continuous Delivery Automation Containers Cloud Observability Featured in DevOps Beyond Observability: Evolving Production Operations in the Age of AI The panelists discuss how production operations are evolving with AI, turning operational data into actionable insights for incident response. They explain how automation and new architectural practices help engineering teams build more understandable systems, while exploring how AI reshapes software delivery and changes the historically deterministic nature of production applications. All in devops Events Helpful links About InfoQ InfoQ Editors Write for InfoQ About C4Media Diversity Choose your language En 中文 日本 Fr Oct 9, 2026 Architect Certification Distributed systems, decentralized decisions, platform engineering, and AI architecture. Online. Register Now. Oct 14, 2026 AI Security & Privacy Engineering Certification Secure and govern production AI systems, from sensitive data to guardrails, evals, and audits. Online. Register now. Oct 19, 2026 AI-Assisted Engineering Certification Your coding agent moves fast. Who checks whether it's making the codebase better? Online. Register Now. Nov 17, 2026 High-Performing Teams Certification Compare team design, delivery flow, AI roles, and metrics with experienced practitioners. Online. Register Now. Nov 16-20, 2026 QCon San Francisco What's working across AI, architecture, and leadership, from the teams doing it. Register. Early bird ends Oct 13. Dec 15-16, 2026 QCon AI New York Production AI across agents, context, evals, security, and infrastructure, from the senior engineers building it. Register. Early bird ends Oct 13. Apr 13-16, 2027 QCon London What early-adopter teams have proven in production, across 15 engineering tracks. Register. Early bird ends Oct 13. Jul 8-9, 2027 QCon AI Boston Learn from the decisions and trade-offs behind AI systems already running in production. Registration open. InfoQ Homepage News Monzo Employs Targeted Traffic Shedding against Stampeding Herd Effect from the Mobile App Architecture & Design From Tokens to Features: Architecting Cost Attribution for AI-Assisted Engineering (Webinar Oct 29th) Monzo Employs Targeted Traffic Shedding against Stampeding Herd Effect from the Mobile App Oct 23, 2023 3 min read by Rafał Gancarz Follow us on Youtube 232K Followers Linkedin 26K Followers Instagram New RSS 19K Readers X 57.1k Followers Facebook 21K Likes Bluesky New Like Reading list Monzo developed a solution for shedding traffic in case its platform comes under intense and unexpected load that could lead to an outage. Traffic spikes can be generated by the mobile app and triggered by push notifications or other bursts in user activity. The solution can reduce the read traffic by almost 50% with 90% overall accuracy without noticeable customer impact. Monzo banking platform has millions of users that interact with it primarily through the mobile app. Yet, sometimes spikes in traffic can destabilize the platform. This can be caused by periodic push notifications to a large number of users or time-specific features such as Get Paid Early . The team at Monzo uses proactive scaling to ensure sufficient capacity in the platform to handle Get Paid Early events, but sudden traffic spikes still pose a significant risk. Jacob Moxham , a staff engineer at Monzo, explains why the stampeding herd effect (similar to the thundering herd problem ) is so dangerous for the stability of Monzo’s platform: Stampeding herd [...] is a term we use when large numbers of our customers open the app within a very short time period. If we aren’t prepared for these moments, we can exhaust our buffer capacity and can’t scale our platform up quickly enough. In the worst cases of this, shared infrastructure could become overloaded, causing widespread disruption. The problem is amplified because the Monzo app prefetches data when opened or upon receiving the push notification to ensure up-to-date information is available immediately. The team suspected most of these requests would just return the same data. After deploying additional logging for 0.1% of users to the edge proxy, the logs showed that around 70% of requests returned the same data over 24 hours. To eliminate "wasted" requests, engineers first opted for creating a "changes API" that would return the last updated time for the most commonly used and expensive endpoints. The mobile app would query the new changes API and only request the data if it has changed since the last call. The approach showed difficulties in providing an accurate last-updated timestamp because of real-time data enrichment implemented in the regular API endpoints and complex data flows for updates to API resources. The Request-shedding Logic in the Edge Proxy (Source: Monzo Technology Blog ) Instead, the team concluded that rather than implementing a perfect and permanent solution, they could create an adequate but much more cost-effective solution and activate it only when the platform is under heavy and unexpected load. They identified three features to help determine whether to shed the request: the time since the response was computed for the request, the trigger for the data prefetch, and how long the mobile app was open when the request was made. For the first feature, the engineers repurposed the Etag HTTP header returned by the API endpoint to contain the response hash and the last computed time. When prefetching data, the mobile app would send If-None-Match HTTP header containing the value from the previously returned Etag header for the identical request and the other two features in custom headers. Based on the metadata in headers, load-shedding policies deployed in the edge proxy would determine whether to ignore the request and return the 304 (Not Modified) status code or return the computed response. Policies for different prefetch triggers can be activated individually, allowing the team to progressively shed segments of the mobile app traffic. The Reduction in Traffic With Request Shedding Activated (Source: Monzo Technology Blog ) The team trialed the new set of policies by deploying them in shadow mode, where responses would be computed and the determination for shedding the request based on request metadata compared with the actual outcome. With all policies activated, the platform could shed almost 50% of GET requests with 90% overall accuracy. The engineer reported that customer impact wasn’t noticeable, and a small percentage of users seeing stale data is acceptable compared to a major outage that would affect the entire platform. About the Author Rafał Gancarz Show more Show less Rate this Article Adoption Style Author Contacted This content is in the HTTP topic Related Topics: Development Architecture & Design Mobile Apps Banking Monitoring API Resilience Availability Performance & Scalability Case Study HTTP Related Editorial Related Sponsors Related Sponsor October 8, 2026, 12 PM EDT When AI Accelerates Development, Can Your CI Pipeline Keep Up? Presented by: Eric Metaj - Product Marketing Manager, Software Delivery at Datadog, and Rohin Chandra - Product Manager, CI/CD Optimization at Datadog SPONSORED BY DATADOG Save your seat The InfoQ Newsletter A round-up of last week’s content on InfoQ sent out every Tuesday. Join a community of over 250,000 senior developers. View an example Enter your e-mail address Select your country Select a country I consent to InfoQ.com handling my data as explained in this Privacy Notice . We protect your privacy. Development Qualcomm Unveils Linux Preview on Snapdragon X2 to Accelerate Upstream ARM Laptops Agents Refactor 300K Lines in Three Weeks, and Practitioners Ask What It Proves Cloudflare Adds Configurable HTTP Vary Header Support to Prevent Cache Thrashing Architecture & Design Managing Asynchronous APIs at Scale Cursor Uses S3 WAL to Scale Git Storage to More than 300 Pushes per Second Meta’s ZGateway Cuts ZippyDB Connections 19x While Handling 1B+ Operations per Second Culture & Methods How to Develop Software Engineering Skills in the Age of AI Keeping the Mainline Green Across Diverse Language Monorepos From Staff Platform Engineer to a16z Founder: What I Wish I'd Known AI, ML & Data Engineering OpenAI DevDay 2026 Recap for Developers Engineering Production Systems for an Agentic Era: QCon San Francisco 2026 Docker Sandbox Kit Spec: Packaging AI Agent Permissions as OCI Images DevOps Envoy Gateway 1.9.1 Tightens Security and Addresses a Difficult Upgrade Path DigitalOcean Managed Agents Brings Managed Cloud Infrastructure to AI Agents Beyond Observability: Evolving Production Operations in the Age of AI The InfoQ Newsletter A round-up of last week’s content on InfoQ sent out every Tuesday. Join a community of over 250,000 senior developers. View an example Get a quick overview of content published on a variety of innovator and early adopter technologies Learn what you don’t know that you don’t know Stay up to date with the latest information from the topics you are interested in Enter your e-mail address Select your country Select a country I consent to InfoQ.com handling my data as explained in this Privacy Notice . We protect your privacy. InfoQ Online Certification Programs For Senior Engineers, Architects, and Technical Leaders Architect with Luca Mezzalira | October 9 AI-Assisted Engineering with Zichuan Xiong & Premanand Chandrasekaran | October 19 AI Security & Privacy Engineering with Katharine Jarmul | October 26 High-Performing Teams with Olimpiu Pop | November 17 As your role becomes more senior, the work changes. You're no longer just implementing decisions; you're shaping the systems, trade-offs, and technical direction other teams depend on. These 5-week online programs give you a structured way to work through real decisions from your current role with senior peers from other companies. RESERVE YOUR PLACE Live online. 4 hours a week, for 5 weeks. Home Create account Log In QCon Conferences Events Write for InfoQ InfoQ Editors About InfoQ About C4Media Media Kit InfoQ Developer Marketing Blog Diversity Events Online InfoQ Architect Certification October 9, 2026 Online InfoQ AI Security & Privacy Engineering Program October 14, 2026 Online InfoQ AI-Assisted Engineering Certification October 19, 2026 Online InfoQ High-Performing Teams Certification November 17, 2026 QCon San Francisco November 16-20, 2026 QCon AI New York December 15-16, 2026 QCon London 2027 April 13-16, 2027 QCon AI Boston July 8-9, 2027 Follow us on Youtube 232K Followers Linkedin 26K Followers Instagram New RSS 19K Readers X 57.1k Followers Facebook 21K Likes Bluesky New Stay in the know The InfoQ Podcast Engineering Culture Podcast The Software Architects' Newsletter General Feedback feedback@infoq.com Advertising sales@infoq.com Editorial editors@infoq.com Marketing marketing@infoq.com InfoQ.com and all content copyright © 2006-2026 C4Media Inc. Privacy Notice , Terms And Conditions , Cookie Policy BT 