открылась
 The ENTERTAINER Migrates 45+ Apps in 10 Weeks Platform Agentic Customer Engagement Platform Data & Analytics Warehouse-native Activate data from your Warehouse Segments Discover the right audience Analytics & Insights Analyze your data and uncover insights Merlin AI Agents Native Agents Agents for copy, creative, code and more Custom Agents Build long-horizon workflow agents AI Decisioning Offer Decisioning Personalized offers on surfaces Campaign Decisioning 1:1 agents for messaging Engagement Cross-Channel Marketing 16+ channels in one platform Web & App Personalization Web and app experiences in real time Real-Time Transactional Alerts Triggered messages at the right moment App Marketplace 300+ integrations – connect to your existing stack Scale & Security 99.99% uptime. 6 data centres. Enterprise-grade. Migrate to MoEngage AI-assisted migration. 350+ brands have switched. Channels Email Push Notification SMS WhatsApp RCS Paid Media In-App Messaging On-Site Messaging Content Cards Custom Connectors App Marketplace 300+ integrations – connect to your existing stack Scale & Security 99.99% uptime. 6 data centres. Enterprise-grade. Migrate to MoEngage AI-assisted migration. 350+ brands have switched. Solutions Industry financial services Guaranteed trust and security food & beverage Serve personalized experiences media & entertainment Content that connects travel & hospitality Effortless travel and hospitality experiences retail & e-commerce Engage customers, win loyalty moengage for shopify Personalized engagement for maximum revenue Role For Marketers For Product Owners For Developers Resources Learn Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Customer Stories Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Blog Reports E-books Webinars and Events What's New Use Cases See All Resources Connect #GROWTH Events MoEngage Academy Agentic Marketing Tour 2026 Support Product Demos User Guide Developer Hub API Guide Partner Guide MoEngage Acquires Aampe MoEngage Named a Leader in the 2026 IDC MarketScape for AI-enabled CDPs for B2C Users Gartner™ Peer Insights Voice of Customer: Email Marketing Report 2026 The State of AI in Customer Engagement Customer Engagement Learning Hub What's New Partners Partners Partner ecosystem Empower growth with leading partners Technology partners Team up with the best in marketing tech Solution partners Accelerate success with expert solutions Integration App Marketplace Integration Docs Pricing Company Company About Us Explore the MoEngage story Press Center Grab the latest buzz here Careers Join our team, make an impact Contact Us We'd love to hear from you Mo-Baarah! #12YearsOfMoEngage MoEngage's 12th Anniversary Celebration | IND Team Celebrating a decade of milestones – more innovation, collaboration, and elevated customer engagement. Login Request Demo Demo Request Demo Login Demo --> --> RETAIL & E-COMMERCE | ENGAGEMENT The ENTERTAINER Chooses MoEngage and Migrates 45+ Apps within 10 Weeks Download PDF --> 20+ brand's customer and event data integrated via an SDK 10 apps migrated within 40 days --> ABOUT THE ENTERTAINER The ENTERTAINER (B2C) Founded in 2001 and based in Dubai, The ENTERTAINER is the leading provider of 2-for-1 offers from well-known dining, leisure, entertainment, beauty, and hotel brands across the Middle East. The company successfully transitioned from a print publication to a data-driven tech company with the launch of the award-winning The ENTERTAINER app in 2013. The ENTERTAINER business (B2B) The ENTERTAINER business creates easy-to-use and cost-effective app platforms that leverage incentives to help connect businesses with their customers and employees. The business division works with 250+ partners globally. It offers clients loyalty solutions that allow them to leverage The ENTERTAINER model, venues, offers, and more to reward and delight their employees and/or customers. Business Challenge Since 2016, The ENTERTAINER relied on another vendor to engage with and retain customers. However they faced challenges like: Limitations around data access and exports resulting in a lack of 360-degree view of each customer, leading to non-personalized interactions. Additionally, since they could not export data, this affected the operability with other martech platforms. Limitations around custom attributes and reporting due to which they could not get a holistic view of their campaign performance. As we move forward, we aim to continue using MoEngage's capabilities to strengthen our marketing strategy. By leveraging MoEngage's pre-built templates and functionalities, we've been able to streamline our multi-channel engagement campaigns, allowing us to deliver targeted messaging across various channels with greater efficiency. The Customer Engagement Platform's web pop-ups with countdown timers (On-site Messaging) and In-app user surveys have already played a major role in enhancing campaign engagement. Penny McNamara Head of Marketing Why The ENTERTAINER Chose MoEngage? The ENTERTAINER was evaluating multiple vendors for their customer engagement and retention needs but ultimately chose MoEngage because of the following capabilities: Single view of the customer Flexibility in custom attributes Strength around analytics, and data exports Functionality around business events and overall segmentation engine The moment The ENTERTAINER chose MoEngage astheir Customer Engagement Platform (CEP), the MoEngage Professional Services Team assisted Dubai's leading provider of Buy One Get One Free offers, onboard the remaining set of 10 B2B apps within a span of 30-40 days. As this was a migration from another provider, MoEngage team worked with the Head of Technology and PMO Manager of The ENTERTAINER team to design the event schema, followed by migration of data and campaign from the other provider to MoEngage. Products Used Customer Journey Orchestration Create unique, seamless experiences at every stage of your customer’s journey . Email Builder Create out-of-the-box, personalized emails that convert, with fastest and easiest email builder . In-app Messaging Accelerate engagement and motivate action on mobile, through contextually personalized, in-app messages . Push Notification Reach customers at the right time using AI-powered, targeted, push notifications . The Results Integrated customer and event data via an SDK for 20+ brands Activated email with separate DNS setup for each brand and push noticfiations for engagement Began implementation on 1 Nov 2023 and went live with the first 10 apps within 40 days i.e. by 8th Dec Went live with 20+ brands in a span of 6-8 weeks Using MoEngage, Policybazaar: Clocked 100% yoy increase in APE via push Disseminated 18-19 Flows to improve customer experience using drip campaigns in a more integrated manner across multiple channels --> Read More Case Studies From Middle East and Africa Banking & Finance ZenBusiness partners with Aampe to power one-to-one personalization for entrepreneurs with Agentic AI QSR Joe Coffee partners with Aampe to bring barista-level personalization to independent coffee at scale Retail & E-commerce Carousell partners with Aampe to power Adaptive, Agentic Personalization Travel & Hospitality TheCut deepens partnership with Aampe to reimagine Barber-Client engagement at scale DATA & ANALYTICS Warehouse Native Customer Segments Analytics & Insights MERLIN AI AGENTS Native Agents Custom Agents AI DECISIONING Offer Decisioning Campaign Decisioning ENGAGEMENT Cross-Channel Marketing Web & App Personalization Real-Time Transactional Alerts COMPARE MoEngage vs. Adobe MoEngage vs. Airship MoEngage vs. Braze MoEngage vs. Oracle MoEngage vs. Salesforce LEARN Customer Stories Blog Webinars & Events Reports Knowledge Base See all Resources → SUPPORT Product Demos User Guide Developer Guide API Guide Partner Guide Use Cases CONNECT #GROWTH Events MoEngage Academy About MoEngage MoEngage is the agentic customer engagement platform trusted by 1,350+ global brands like McAfee, Flipkart, Domino’s, Nestle, Deutsche Telekom, and more. MoEngage’s powerful analytics, personalization, and AI capabilities give a 360-degree view of your customers and help you create journeys across digital channels. © Copyright 2026 MoEngage. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use I Privacy Policy I Cookie Policy I Responsible Disclosure I Legal & Privacy I Please wait while you are redirected to the right page... 