открылась
 Guardrail cutoffs | The Eppo Docs Skip to main content Webinar: How Delivery Hero Uses Switchbacks to Drive Marketplace Innovation Watch the recording here → Login Get a Demo Search Getting Started About Eppo Analysis quickstart SDK quickstart Contextual Bandit quickstart Switchback quickstart Core Concepts Flag and Experiment Configuration Data Management Introduction Connecting a Data Warehouse Data Model Metrics Model Certified Metrics Organizing Metrics Metric collections Guardrail cutoffs Warehouse Best Practices Data Pipeline Experiment Run Log Source Diagnostics Experiment Analysis Contextual Bandits SDKs Introduction Architecture Concepts SDK keys and environments Event Logging Client SDKs JavaScript Android Dart & Flutter iOS React Native Server SDKs Node .NET PHP Python Java Go Rust Ruby Elixir Datadog integration Best Practices Eppo Developer Tools - Chrome Extension Using Eppo SDK with pre-forking servers Guides Introduction Marketing Integrations Engineering Tutorials Metadata Advanced Experimentation Topics Migrations Debugging Metrics Reference Statistics Administration Architecture and Security REST API Webhooks Core Concepts Data Management Organizing Metrics Guardrail cutoffs On this page Guardrail cutoffs A guardrail cutoff refers to a downside threshold that can be set on a metric. The guardrail cutoff is highlighted in yellow until we are fairly certain that the downside risk on this metric is sufficiently small. Guardrail cut-off metrics are primarily useful to track metrics that an experiment is not supposed to positively impact, but you want to ensure that there is no negative effect either. A common use case is page load times: few experiments explicitly want to improve page load times, but likely most experiments want to avoid slowing down page load times. Guardrail cut-offs also enable non-inferiority testing when a metric with a guardrail is set as primary. Create Guardrail metrics ​ Navigate to Metrics Click to edit a metric In Advanced Settings enable Add a guardrail cutoff Select the the threshold you would like to set for the cutoff Guardrail metrics in experiments ​ A metric with a guardrail cutoff will appear with a Guardrail label and a grey boundary indicating the cutoff zone. When a metric does not breach the cutoff threshold and is not statistically significant positive or negative, it will appear as grey with a check that the cutoff was not breached. When the lower bound of a confidence interval breaches the cutoff threshold and is not statistically significant negative, it will appear as yellow with a warning that the cutoff was breached. In this case, you should consider not rolling out the variant given that the Guardrail metric was not above the pre-determined threshold. When the lower bound of a confidence interval breaches the cutoff threshold and is statistically significant negative, it will appear as red just as any other statistically significant negative metric would. Edit this page Previous Metric collections Next Warehouse Best Practices Create Guardrail metrics Guardrail metrics in experiments Links Eppo Blog Eppo application Product updates Reference API reference Security Copyright © 2026 Eppo, Inc. 